An child playing in a pile of snow on a street while an adult watches.
Naked men gather at a swim meet.
Children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.
Girls are having glasses of alcohol.
The blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.
Two adult llamas sitting, while one baby llama rubs against its parent and another rubs against its owner.
Hef, you redefined the modern boner! RIP.
The adult watches it rain outside.
A child is looking up at an adult while sitting in a stroller on a city sidewalk.
Two children showing respect towards an adult.
The girl was naked.
Two men take a picture of two women posing with a half naked man in a cowboy hat.
Cut off her CLITORIS...............Oh my God, Life is OVER................
A young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.
There is a young adult skating in a closed off park.
Two people complete a drug deal in the alley.
Naked people on a nudist beach.
For men, sex is a primal urge.  Do you think that all those adolescent boys telling young girls that they love them really love them?  Do you think that changes when a man is in his 20s or 30s?  Don't get me wrong, I love having sex with my wife and part of that is because I love her,  But having sex with her is not a matter of showing my love for her; it's me acting on my sexual drive.  Wanna know when sex and love for a man go together?  When he accepts without argument that his wife is not in the mood.
A PROVEN LIAR saying someone else is not telling the Truth? Implausible, in-imaginable and totally unlikely for ANYONE other than a dTrump0 to 'tell a lie about something so important'. 100% belief-factor to the Widow....and a whopping -394% to the immature, puerile, sociopath, bully-boy President of the USA!  Hey, even Clinton had more guts than D-Goofball 2017...at least he finally admitted that he lied about getting a blow job from Monica!
A young boy rides a blue and yellow merry-go-round with an adult male hand in the foreground.
Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them.
Two rodeo clowns, one young and one an adult, waiting their ques.
Naked women posing for pictures.
An older man who appears to be in his sixty's, seems to be doing some type of magical form of play with three children and an adult female, being his targeted group.
The members are naked.
A young adult male, wearing a black shirt and black pants, balances on one leg atop modern architecture.
A naked child plays in the water as a man and his horse watch.
A man runs naked down the beach.
An adult wearing a black shirt and tan pants is standing at the water's edge with two children and is taking pictures.
An adult and a child are walking around a store.
A child running around a lake with an adult.
The little girl was naked.
two adult couples do not place bets in a casino.
An adult and a child run on the beach.
Some people are carrying books and paperwork while riding a subway, partially naked.
there is kids and adult walking the path.
An adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree.
They need to have more sex.  You can't be depressed after a good roll in the hay.
The woman is naked.
One adult sitting next to three young children eating ice cream on some steps.
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume.
Hannity with boobs...
Two guys are about to climb the mountain naked.
Donald Trump makes a couple rude remarks and the world is in an uproar,,, however Hillary Clinton commits numerous felonies and crimes against America and no one pays the least bit of attention,,,, come on folks get your collective heads out of your ASS.
a little boy in camouflage shorts and tennis shoes walks along side an adult in a red shirt.
The performer is naked.
4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees.
Why dont you go shove your head up Trumpler's ass and breathe deeply . Better yet go shoot yourself.
The people are naked.
One adult and some kids looking out of a telescope on a boat.
A man running naked down the street.
The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult'.
Three young children wearing winter coats and hats ride on the front end of a bicycle built for four while a blond adult wearing a black coat rides on the backseat.
The Native American's are naked.
A small child walks hand-in-hand with an adult on the grass leading up to a brick building.
Policeman playing with drug sniffing dog.
An adult martial artist teaching a young boy some defensive moves on a mat in a gym.
The young adult are cold.
Go suck his d!ck.
The baby is naked.
A girl takes a picture of an adult.
mcllum the dick always looks and sounds like he been hit on the side of the head with a shovel, what a DICK!
Ezra Levant is a complete dick, but his right to free speech must be protected.  He says dumb and stupid things but he doesn't use hate speech and he needs to be heard.
Children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.
Two boys in uniform playing a game of field hockey with an adult blowing on a whistle.
A man is trying to spice up his sex life by incorporating less common instruments of pleasure.
What's your basis for comparison?  Japanese Americans from the concentration camps cried loudly enough to get $ in reparations.  If that's the standard, how much is slavery worth?  Women getting their pussies grabbed?
A group of three boys are playing soccer while an adult man looks on.
An adult and three youths are enjoying the waves.
A young girl works with some wood with the aid of an adult.
Cats lick there ass right before they lick your mouth.
Four little naked boys playing with an ox in dirty water.
An adult pours water on their flowered black shorts.
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint.
Kennedy made a big mistake praying on the field after the game. What he should have done was to whip out his penis and demonstrate the proper way to put on a condom for students planning to have sex after the game, and for that he would have been praised by liberals for preventing student pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases.  But no, he prayed.  The guy has no values.
Naked children play in the water on the back of a water buffalo.
Two people standing with a naked guitar player in a busy street.
Who wants soft squishy little balls when you can have a strong resilient pussy :)  I'm sick of balls equaling strength, that's all.
A group of young boys, one naked, play around a rickety bridge.
Two children and two adult in front of a run down home somewhere in the southwest that has spray pained pictures of people on horses on the walls.
It is ironic now though how the people who wanted him to step aside will be kissing his butt.
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap.
Two men in coat stand at a table with beakers and alcohol bottles.
Is it nap time, a yoga lesson, or a school assembly that has first or second graders intently paying attention to a standing adult while they sit on woven floor mats.
A blond dog is standing beside a blond puppy, who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog.
Two boys in uniform playing a game  with an adult blowing on a whistle.
The small boy in an orange shirt gets some help from an adult while swinging at a pinata.
A young oriental girl receives help on a science project from an adult, not completely seen in the image.
A group of six adult hikers gather on a dirt road in front of a few trees in the afternoon while their leader stands in the foreground in a green jacket, pointing at something just ahead.
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume.
A naked woman steps in to the water while a man is watching.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
A man dressed in a survival vest is speaking to a group of adult men.
Two guys in blue chug alcohol from fancy cups.
There is an adult doing a project involving scissors.
Now "The Mooch" has a lot more free time to spend with his family and to "suck his own c*ck".
A little girl wearing a white and red outfit is taking a picture of an adult.
The man is naked.
So you're fine with having your pussy grabbed?
Young white male child with blond-hair in a red shirt coloring with crayons outside with an adult.
An adult and child are running along a lake.
An adult man looks on as a child plays in a stream.
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap.
An adult and a child fly a kite together.
The blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.
An older adult playing with a little boy in a lake with boats in the distance.
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl, and they are all smiling.
A naked man looks at a plant.
A man and woman are naked in a field.
Eeekkk I hate to respond to this but historically Sodomy applied to forced anal sex.
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field, while another player and an adult stand in the background.
A half naked women is riding a bike.
You forgot his most important stat, which is his tiny, tiny penis.
An adult is making hot chocolate in his kitchen.
A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady.
Two adult men in a campsite.
The two people are completely naked.
4 men and a woman in a bare room with litter strewn about are doing drugs.
A naked young woman juggling oranges.
A group of young adult men are playing monopoly.
I think he's just pissed that a GIRL, albeit one badass of a girl, kicked his sorry ass...
OK, but average Canadian has one breast and one testicle.
A child walks while holding an adult's hand.
The toddler is naked.
A group of children with backpacks on and two adult women standing in a group.
They are drinking alcohol.
A naked woman covered in mud tries to get the crowd to join her.
An adult female ballerina is holding a dance position on stage as three toddler girls enter the stage.
Naked people scream in agony.
A man dressed in a survival vest is speaking to a group of adult men.
An adult watches a child somersault into the pool while another child looks on.
A small child and an adult walk on the beach in front of ocean waves.
The two adult males are outside.
An adult male and a young boy are mixing together a yellow mixture in a large pyrex mixing bowl in a cabin.
Young men and women practice juggling while an adult man in a blue shirt walks through them with his hands in his pockets.
A young adult is trying to balance on a bench in the park.
Sex workers are on strike at the train tracks.
The person is walking naked.
Two boys, one naked, one in a skirt, run on the sand.
David Mueller lost his job for grabbing Swift's ASS. He didn't brush her ribs, he grabbed her ass. He wanted a piece of Taylor's ass, so he grabbed her ass.
one white little girl, riding on a brown and white saddle which is on top of brown adult horse with black hair, both outside on a sunny day.
An adult women and a little girl sit by water in the woods.
several young children dressed in yellow stand in front of an adult while the one in the middle has a purple coat and looks at the camera.
An adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it's raining.
Skylights in a art gallery illuminate large pieces of art while a young adult sits on the floor before one seeming to sketch in a pad.
Three children and one adult are near the base of a rock formation in shallow water, and an adult wearing a blue shirt is standing on the top of the rocks.
The woman is naked.
Two people are in an establishment that serves alcohol.
A child wearing a white shirt cutting paper with scissors while an adult wearing a blue sweater looks on.
If it has penis he is boy, if it has clitoris she is girl.  Simple.
The two guys are naked.
An adult sweeping stone staircase outdoors.
Looks the turd doesn't fall far from the ass.
A young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.
An adult male is dancing with a minor girl.
Adult man in a Black hat and coat playing an accordion by hand outside.
A group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub.
A young girl takes a swing at a Scooby Doo pinata while other youths and an adult observe.
two adult women, one wearing an umbrella, and a little girl walking on a bridge.
Two adult men and several young men are sitting in the forest.
The men are looking at porn.
The man is naked.
A naked woman playing piano.
A man is gambling.
The child is naked.
the man is naked.
An adult performing a finger puppet show.
Hey pretty boi -- get on your knees and give her a good arse licking.
the person is naked.
Little kids play with bubbles as an adult blows them.
There are many heterosexuals that participate in oral and anal sex. It seems that Catholics used to punish them for these acts as well as for taking pleasure with a spouse for vaginal sex IF the purpose was NOT procreation. Should we torture and burn hets for those reasons as well?
There is an adult in a red hoodie sitting.
A child is being taught by an adult to ride a sheep.
An person, most likely an adult artist, is finger painting with chubby hands.
Adult man in a Black hat and coat playing an accordion by hand outside.
An adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it's raining.
Group of girls holding glasses of alcohol to drink.
an adult with an umbrella.
a man in a fedora is gambling.
Most everything Trump says can be reduced to one idea: suck my d*ck.
One of the more disingenuous phrases out there today is "non-consensual sex". Wrong. It's called rape and should be named as such. If it happened to a person in your life, that's what you'd call it. Rape. That's what involuntary sexual relations are.
A little girl with a barrette is playing with an adult's sneaker.
A religious protester expresses his displeasure over political violence in Taiwan.
A naked man in front of the Eiffel Tower.
since his self confirmed avocation of "grabbing women's vaginas"  clearly reflects a very, very sick individual unfit for any public office ~.
The blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.
A playground with two children and an adult.
Three children saluting an adult.
A naked black boy is standing on a rock.
The man is naked.
There are two men naked in a brothel.
One adult and three children outside playing and having a good time.
A female speaker is talking to kids about drugs.
The adult is outside.
An adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree.
An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.
An old man is standing outside an adult store.
I'm more than tired of taylor swift and her ass.
A naked man smokes something from a bag which he then ties.
The infant is naked.
An older man who appears to be in his sixty's, seems to be doing some type of magical form of play with three children and an adult female, being his targeted group.
a naked man waits by the train station.
The men are completely naked.
A naked boy jumping off a rock into water.
The man is naked.
A naked man in a bar.
An adult and child walking along the beach on the sand.
Four kids and an adult are on a beach.
An adult and child are walking past a contemporary-style building.
A little boy and adult woman are playing "store clerk" with a toy cash register and basket of food.
A naked man is sitting in the grass next to a bicycle reading a newspaper.
A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime.
the woman is naked.
An Adult man, wearing a blue shirt and glasses, stands near a large cylinder type equipment.
all the firefighters are naked.
A small baby is given a bath in a plastic tub by an adult wearing rubber gloves.
An adult helping a child ice skate together on a dark rink.
The man is naked.
A naked man offers his balls to the police officer.
An adult is seated with a young canine nearby.
a little boy in camouflage shorts and tennis shoes walks along side an adult in a red shirt.
The man is naked.
An adult male brushes his teeth.
Two men celebrate at the bar surrounded by alcohol at a party.
Young white male child with blond-hair in a red shirt coloring with crayons outside with an adult.
A man dies of alcohol posioning.
An adult and child are playing monopoly, the child is covering his face with his hand.
A man is naked.
A naked man is running across the outfield at Dodger Stadium.
An adult male and a young boy are mixing together a yellow mixture in a large pyrex mixing bowl.
The man and woman are the same sex.
A crying child attempting to ride a skateboard is assisted by a adult male.
An adult is standing near a door.
A child with a red backpack following an adult on a hike through the woods.
Because Obama never threatened or claimed to have grabbed our pussies, for one.
A woman stands naked in an empty field.
Of course you can, but know that in doing so you reveal your own personal obsession with the anus.  Are you gay?
A woman seated on couch in a children's section of a library holds up small piece of cloth while four kindergarten sized children and another adult watch her.
A woman poses naked for a photographer.
A woman pauses from her banking errand, to talk to her naked husband.
The little boy with the yellow and blue striped shirt is playing a board game with an adult.
The naked cowboy outside of the Bank of America is talking to a redheaded woman as cabs drive by.
One adult and three children outside playing and having a good time.
A bunch of naked people in the streets.
An adult with an infant strapped to chest walks in the forest with another child in tow.
A child is naked in the shower.
An adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it's raining.
Two children and an adult play in the streams of water shooting up from a sidewalk.
Naked male jumping into a rapid stream.
Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.
The woman is naked.
A little boy and adult woman are playing "store clerk" with a toy cash register and basket of food.
A man is speaking a presentation about the dangers of drugs.
The baby naked in the bath.
The man is naked.
A playground with two children and an adult.
An adult and a child playing in the water at the beach.
Who is this "we" of which you speak? Are you really a woman, Lars? If not then concern yourself with your penis and other genital and reproductive parts and stay out of women's bodies.
a person is naked.
A person is holding an adult insect.
Two naked boys standing on back of an ox while two other boys try to climb out of the water onto him as well.
Little asian girl with yellow glasses working on a piece of woodwork with the help of an adult.
Two adult men and several young men are sitting in the forest.
A naked man is reading in the park next to a bike.
Two naked young boys play in the water.
Three adults are naked.
A semi-naked man jumping in the air over a beach, with an onlooker in the distance.
This is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap.
He was a badass. Now he's just bad, and an ass. A bad ass.
A naked man threw a blue and yellow device at an ugly tree.
Adult woman swinging with sandals.
Two men are drinking alcohol next to each other.
There is a small child who is unattended by an adult.
The naked cowboy outside of the Bank of America is talking to a redheaded woman as cabs drive by.
A woman with a white shirt is seen with a half-naked man with many tattoos.
A naked lady is riding a scooter across a parking lot.
Naked people riding bikes.
A younger adult cleans a scooter wheel.
The man is naked.
A naked child is crawling on the beach in front of a horse and a man.
An adult and a child, both wearing hats, are outside, looking at a black and white rooster in a cage.
A woman pours a shot of alcohol.
A small child in a costume looks up at an adult.
An adult is doing landscaping.
A man is looking at porn on his computer.
He is naked.
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap.
A man is holding alcohol bottles in front of a building.
A naked man stands on a rock in the wilderness.
The boys were selling drugs by the wall.
Jerk off below.
The man in a dress and the woman in a suit are naked.
A person is on a snowboard naked and does a jump.
There is an adult just waking up.
A large group of children with backpacks and four adult women are standing on a path and some are standing by the directory sign.
A naked man stands in the gutter.
A small baby is naked and dry.
the girl is naked.
How about you kiss my ass? I stand by my earlier comment.
Children playing soccer with an adult in the background.
a man using his computer to look up porn.
A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick.
A group of kids are standing in a passageway and two adult males are standing in front of them.
Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park.
A naked man is reading a book.
The naked cowboy is swimming in the ocean.
A little boy and adult woman are playing "store clerk" with a toy cash register and basket of food.
an adult plays in a field of flowers.
A man and his son walk by an adult video store.
a female rides naked.
People posing naked near a pond.
A little girl who is smiling is being lifted up by an adult.
An elderly gentlemen looking at naked male statue.
Two naked boys are playing water polo in the water.
“I did try and f*** her, she was married,” and says that when he meets beautiful women he feels able to “grab them by the pussy”.    “I did try and f*** her, she was married,” and says that when he meets beautiful women he feels able to “grab them by the pussy”.   Our Dear Leader in his own words,    I'm glad we're both christians....lol & aloha.
Three children are drawing at a table while being supervised by an adult.
A female in a group of three of three adult females is holding a young female by her hand.
Four young adult females are seated on a black leather couch with alcoholic beverages.
There are two small boys wearing ball caps, playing T-Ball in green grass with three adult men watching.
They look stupid in their pussy hats, vulgar.  They are worse than the person they are hating on.
The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult.
An adult baseball player sliding onto the base while his opponent attempts to tag him.
An adult and three children are rowing a canoe down a river.
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle.
Not political? My aching posterior. This article pure watermelon. Green on the outside, red on the inside.
The guy is not naked.
still lots of boobs though.
The drink is alcohol.
Adult athletes are playing soccer in a developed field.
An adult and two children are making paper turkeys in a classroom.
A Caucasian adult male is walking a small dog at sunset near a pier.
The man and woman are naked.
Kids playing in the streets while one is holding a gun while an adult woman passes by.
Two people sleep naked on a couch.
Two guys are gambling at a casino.
A woman wearing black and gray clothing is holding a baby wearing a holiday themed jacket and an adult chef's hat.
An adult female and a girl sitting together in a brown chair with their feet up on an ottoman.
A naked person is on the sidewalk.
The lady has drank alcohol recently.
The adult and the child are out in the snow.
A young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.
A person is naked, sleeping in their bed.
An adult wearing a black shirt is showing a young boy how to solder.
How is that possible ? I would think she would get skin cancer first or vagina cancer then cervix, uterus and ovaries last. This only proves how crazy we are.
A naked boy stands with a moped on a beach.
A female wearing a shirt that has the word Green is balancing on one foot, while an adult male and another female walk away.
The man is naked.
A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.
a child and a young adult the adult is maybe demonstrating how to do something to teach the young child.
An adult is reading a book.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
Odd looking young adult playing around a large tree that has big roots.
The man is naked.
Seven adult sit around a barbecue laden with food.
An adult female is holding a baby close to her with both arms.
A boy is playing checkers with an adult shown off-screen while a girl looks on.
A child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them.
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult.
The women are naked.
Kids race around a go-cart track with adult supervision.
An adult woman is signing a large petition directed toward a cause to help women.
People transport alcohol through a parking lot.
Older men at bar drinking alcohol.
A young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.
This is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap.
The man is giving a speech about drugs.
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.
Kids playing in the streets while one is holding a gun while an adult woman passes by.
An adult male holds wooden boards together as a boy hammers a nail into them.
The adult is searching for money on the streets.
The Dimwit Dems won one!  Having orgasms all over the place.  YeeeHaa!
The girls and adult are indoors.
A naked man is on a baseball field.
The group is watching a porn video.
The skier flies through the air naked.
A young adult dances on his hand.
Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park.
The man is naked.
A group of naked dancers don't exert themselves.
Fire his ass.
The adult was listening to the radio.
the woman is naked.
Her having a vagina makes it exponentially easier to stay completely hidden.
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.
An adult and a child, both wearing hats, are outside, looking at a black and white rooster in a cage.
an adult and 4 children making crafts at a table.
An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance.
Sad watching cons grasp for anything to deflect from those good ole boys who for years have used their positions over at Faux to stalk female colleagues for sex.
Two naked girls at a pool.
Two adult women in tutus and sunglasses are having a conversation.
An adult makes a sandwich with the lights off.
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms.
the man is naked on the train.
A naked child stands facing two wet objects that are lying in a small pool of liquid and green substances.
A little boy and adult woman are playing "store clerk" with a toy cash register and basket of food.
A little boy and adult woman are playing "store clerk" with a toy cash register and basket of food.
A little boy wearing a green and white shirt with orange pants is helping another little boy sweep leaves from a road while two adult onlookers stand nearby.
These parents are a bunch of pussy ass crybabies. As a Lincoln student I personally know that approxametilie 80% of he school is white. Pat Adelman had every right to get mad at the players for being racist themselves.  The parents are to blame, as they need to pull the stick out of their ass.
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms.
Two children saluting an adult.
the woman is naked.
The man is naked.
Some children are watching an adult.
Two young children are playing with a sit-atop seahorse in a playground with an adult.
Three naked men in the ocean.
There is no alcohol available for sale in this store.
An adult female and three children are in a canoe.
A child sits on an adult's shoulders looking tired as they walk on an urban street.
A man has alcohol.
the girls are naked.
According to the ATF, possession of a firearm while using Class I outlawed narcotics is illegal. There is no "but masturbation".
a woman is chugging alcohol to get drunk.
A group of teens and a group of adult men talk amongst themselves in an outdoor area.
Three young boys playing with tires, with adult close by.
ther man is selling drugs.
Six people are naked.
The group of people are naked.
A police officer looks for drugs.
A child holds an adult's hand.
A child and an adult looking at each other.
The religious protester is pleased by violence.
What about the NDP female with the bottle stuck up her vagina, was that not a vulgar thing of the left?
The boy is naked and asleep in church.
A muddy male adult soccer player, wearing red shorts and a light blue and red shirt, is bouncing a soccer ball off of his chest.
Two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.
A naked man lies on the rocks near the water trapped in a net.
A little girl in red at the beach while a adult points a camera.
An adult on the beach jumps into the air.
The young adult sketches a still life while sitting on the floor at an art gallery.
Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud; one is standing up.
A large group of children with backpacks and four adult women are standing on a path and some are standing by the directory sign.
a child and a young adult the adult is maybe demonstrating how to do something to teach the young child.
A wall with gray and green checks has a writing "Sex".
"the men"? You mean the bishops? Prove they don't love homosexuals. Prove it. Homosexual activity is evil. Its simple. All people are to be loved, not used as objects. Homosexual activity uses another person as an object to masturbate with.  Not so nice!
Two people totally naked walking along a railing.
A naked baseball player.
A young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.
The man is a naked cowboy.
A small child is watched by an adult as it walks in the street.
people relaxing watching tv drinking alcohol.
Students have the constitutional right to have group sex without your approval.
There is an adult upside down.
An adult riding a bike on a beach with many visible vapour trails in the sky.
Alceste, you are a woman's sexual organ.
There is an adult sleeping because he is tired.
A man is walking past the stop the violence protest.
Three old people talk about sex.
Two young adult looking girls walking together.
A man skiing naked down a mountain.
Republicans have been delegitimizing government for decades.  They've also been urging followers to stockpile weapons and ammo in order to resist the deligitimized government, using the exacts words I quoted above.  This strategy that they've used to rile up voters and win elections has now bitten them in the ass.  I'm not revelling, I'm pointing out that team red should check its irresponsible rhetoric.
Two naked children slide down a slide in a nudest colony.
Three men are drinking alcohol.
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision.
I lost my family, my job and my friends due to my alcohol addiction.
Young people are gambling.
the guys are naked.
A very tan elderly couple sits partially naked on a park bench while a woman in a wedding dress, a man in a suit and a photographer walk down a trail in the background.
The adult is reading aloud.
The flight attendant is serving alcohol.
A long journey has a small child passed out in a caring adult's lap.
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.
Two drummers, adult and child, march abreast.
A naked person jumps into the water.
The naked man looks out over the snow covered hills.
A black puppy chewing on an adult brown dog.
A male adult is taking part in an outdoor activity.
An adult is standing outside.
An adult and child wearing beach wear are posing in the sand.
A woman in bikini bottoms stands in the surf holding the hand of a naked baby.
An adult man wearing jeans and black shirt holding a beverage.
Children are playing soccer, while an adult looks on.
Twins are naked.
An adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.
A naked man in a net is curled up asleep on a scenic mountaintop.
The young adult with developmental disorders is playing.
There are three children carrying tires with one adult standing still and another adult walking away.
Ass.
Three children play with a volleyball in shallow water while an adult in a red cap and neon green shirt observes.
The man is naked and sitting at the kitchen table.
The children are holding assault rifles.
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap.
the two women are having sex with the man.
A child leans on an adult's lap while peaking underneath a table at a booth.
A football team of young boys wearing yellow and black striped shirts are happy, with one child hugging an adult.
They are naked.
A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult.
Naked men cooking steak.
The man is naked.
A man is naked on the bed.
An adult and three children walk along the beach.
So a man can't masturbate on a phone call to a coworker and threaten her career if she complains?  The PC Police have taken over at Fox News.
A man with sunglasses on top of his head is gambling at the slot machine.
Who gives a rats ass ?
Some people look to cross the street in front of a drug store.
Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud; one is standing up.
A young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.
A toddler boy examines a pair of blue jeans, with an adult in the background.
Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult.
The African American man protests against unlawful sex.
Where did I say this lawyer is corrupt? I don't know him well enough to make that determination. He represents corrupt individuals. He's the go-to guy when you need to defend your sorry ass.
An adult is helping a child repel in a mountain setting.
"We think of all women as compassionate , when in reality—they are the mass killers we should fear the most"  So you worry most about the attack of the killer vagina?
Two women are naked.
A naked male jumping into a lagoon on a sunny day with the ocean in the background.
there is kids and adult playing with toys.
The child and adult are at a festival.
Two adult men and several young men are sitting in the forest.
An adult female and three children are in a canoe with one of the kids rowing the boat.
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl, and they are all smiling.
The man and woman are drinking alcohol.
The workers give a speech about drug abuse.
An adult ice skating with a small child with a red shirt on an ice skating rink.
A motorcycle policeman has his lights on, on the side of him is an advertisement for a phone sex hot-line.
A naked man walks into the bright room.
The patient is not on drugs.
An adult dressed in black holds a stick.
The children surround the adult.
A naked man reads next to his bicycle.
A little girl walking down a balance beam with an adult ready to assist.
A child plays with a costumed adult at a parade.
Quit bending over letting people fuck you up the butt.
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors.
An adult surrounded with nothing but sand leaping into the air.
Three little girls look on as a boy plays the harmonica with an adult guiutarist sitting beside him.
The female adult is trying on some new clothes in the store.
An adult female and three children are in a canoe with one of the kids rowing the boat.
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand.
A tribal African man with an assault rifle stands next to a tribal African woman.
An adult wearing a gray shirt with red sleeves sleeping on a couch.
Catholic priests wants all of you to "feed their penis".  The priests has a message:  trust in us is to trust in God.  Ha Ha Ha.
The man is naked.
The girls are naked and running.
A woman is helping another adult.
A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches.
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.
A young person is bouncing as an adult stares somewhere else.
A naked man is walking towards his friends.
A mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant.
This person is naked in a wooded area.
The woman is naked.
An adult woman carrying a pink swim toy and a young girl carrying a Hello Kitty ball.
A kid is pushing a shopping cart behind an adult inside a consumer market.
A naked old man sitting.
A naked person is crossing.
The muscians are naked and swimming in the middle of the ocean.
A naked man pulling a rope.
The Trump-Russia scandal is unraveling even faster than the sex abuse scandal in Boston during 2002.  Every time one of the Trump team's previous lies is exposed they have to make a new one.  Let the impeachment hearings begin.
adult with red boots and purse walking down the street next to a brink wall.
Two blond women are gambling in Las Vegas.
A small boy plays with plastic blocks, cars, and animals with an adult watching closely.
A completely dry adult sits in a chair.
the man is naked at the house.
A child is naked.
A naked woman lies back on a towel at the beach and reads.
A blond dog is standing beside a blond puppy, who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog.
people relaxing watching tv drinking alcohol.
the woman is naked.
People ice skate on a lighted space near a spot that sells alcohol.
An adult male is kneeling on top of a roof make repairs.
A naked child stands on a rock in the wilderness.
A naked man painting.
A naked lady takes photos of a horse.
Children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.
The adult is aware she is being photographed.
A dog is sitting on a naked man.
Blond girl and young boy riding a bicycle being driven by adult.
The adult and child are wearing red jumpsuits.
Odd looking young adult playing around a large tree that has big roots.
An adult and child dressed in full ski gear stopped on the slope.
A half-naked man is painting the wall.
I'm afraid google is not your friend on this one.  Cover your arse, as they say.
A little girl touches the face of an adult woman.
drugs work in the opposite direction.
A group of naked people are in the woods.
drugs dealers deal drugs in a park.
Two people are getting ready to drink alcohol.
An adult male and two children of Asian descent jump in the road.
Section 160 should also be amended to include sexual acts with animals not involving penetration.
A woman in white is gambling.
A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult.
The kid is naked and afraid.
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.
An adult holds up a bushel of sticks in a field.
two men are enjoying some alcohol.
Three children play with a giant sphere on a playground while an adult sits on a bench reading the newspaper.
A man holds a bottle of alcohol while walking through a crowd.
There is an adult and a child walking outside.
Two children are in a car with an adult woman driving.
Two naked women are walking inside the mall.
An adult female with dark hair is holding a baby.
The man is naked.
An adult and child are kicking a ball.
Wearing a brown jacket, multicolored scarf and purse, an adult female walks along a sidewalk while looking downward next to a green pole with plastic wrapped around it.
A group of naked people in playing pool.
Three adult bystanders and one child looking up toward the sky while standing on the sidewalk.
The woman is drinking alcohol while looking at the book.
Two naked boys standing on back of an ox while two other boys try to climb out of the water onto him as well.
Someone is holding a naked baby that is laughing.
People walking close to a large advertisment depicting a half naked man and a product promoting better sex.
A group of six adult hikers gather on a dirt road in front of a few trees in the afternoon while their leader stands in the foreground in a green jacket, pointing at something just ahead.
A young child wearing an orange shirt is standing in a garden while an adult is pouring mulch from a bag.
A young boy and young girl both wearing shorts stand face on the street while an adult's arm can be seen nearby.
This is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap.
A man who sexually abuses women.  Not my idea of a man at all.
Now that's a good example of anal retentive.
Two people are not wearing anything, they are naked.
A small baby dressed in blue shorts and a blue hat tries to balance with the help of an adult hand behind him.
A naked person stands straight next to the wooden wall.
A young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.
The blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.
A blond dog is standing beside a blond puppy, who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog.
Three men are reading porn by a fire at night, near a cabin.
An old adult reads a book.
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising.
A naked man and woman are frolicking in the woods.
Child in diapers and adult shoes runs down pathway.
A group of people are gambling.
A toddler smiles at an adult.
A naked woman covered in red paint.
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle.
On a sandy park area, a boy in soccer clothes has kicked a ball in the air in front of himself while behind him five adult men stand watching in a semi-circle.
The man is naked.
Misconstrued my butt!
An adult and a child, both wearing hats, are outside, looking at a black and white rooster in a cage.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
The naked man dances near the forest.
THe man is thinking about sex.
A naked male jumping into a lagoon on a sunny day with the ocean in the background.
The teenagers are enjoying their illicit alcohol drinks.
One adult and three children paddle a canoe down a river lush with green vegetation.
And I can produce 50 other studies showing the opposite. Get your pedophile loving ass into a pedophile chat room instead.
the man was naked in the bathtub.
A naked man is welding.
But instead of implanting it between the thumb and forefinger, they should implant the chip near a person's bung hole. Then people can drop their drawers and wave their ass around.
The adult makes the children behave.
An adult and child are walking.
The football player is having sex.
Wonder Woman and Harley Quinn prepare to assault Mt. Doom.
Three kids and an adult playing water volleyball in a pool.
A young adult reads a book.
An adult in brightly colored clothing and hat, is weaving or beading while sitting on brightly colored rugs.
It's great because she is in the same level as the sluts I have fucked in my life that have live webcams. She's your typical 2-bit whore!
Two women are posing with the Naked Cowboy in Times Square, New York City.
An old fashion pub, Employees are dressed in old fashion wear and alcohol comes in jugs.
naked kids are held captive by a pervert who watches them shower.
A naked man sitting in the park near his bike reading the paper.
Two women are drinking alcohol and talking.
The boy is naked.
The students are gambling.
An adult dressed in black holds a stick.
The lady has a gambling problem.
the man is naked.
Adult and child walking away with open umbrellas outside.
a man is gambling.
A mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant.
An adult is sleeping outside.
A naked man is standing in front of a taxi.
53 democrats are sucking each other's dicks.
A man and two women are playing a board game at a wooden table while drinking alcohol.
A group of four children cross the street, as an adult looks down the street.
A man playing pool to win money from gambling with other players.
Looks like a cute little pussy.
u bum, no stop hea.  not happy you no can figure.  boo, you suck ass; give u slaps if i see u.
Some children are playing tug-of-war with a rope while an adult assists.
The baby horse is related to the adult horse.
the girl is naked.
A young adult male wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans, performing a skateboard trick in a urban residential setting.
The men are both naked.
Naked people waiting in a line.
A little boy looks nervous as an adult adjusts his shirt collar.
A young boy observe how an adult is using a sewing machine.
Still fantasizing about gay sex and male genitalia, are you? And what does that have to do with your community-vermin, disease-ridden, pestilent cats? Other than that's the only kind of lap-gratification that you'll ever get in life.
An adult is jumping on a trampoline.
Three young ladies are scoring drugs.
Balls don't think.
Three women and a man dressed as the "naked cowboy" in New York.
A woman is naked and streaking next to the road.
Two naked men are sitting on the beach.
Children listen to an adult speak.
a little boy in camouflage shorts and tennis shoes walks along side an adult in a red shirt.
A naked woman is bathing in the water.
They are not "imposing" anything.  If you have a problem with Catholic sexual ethics, be Protestant and have sex with whoever you want, whenever you want.
The people are naked.
Two children and two adult in front of a run down home somewhere in the southwest that has spray pained pictures of people on horses on the walls.
Two naked boys are playing outside.
Older men at bar drinking alcohol.
Pedestrians on the sidewalk on a block corner where a mural of an eye and Two raises hands has the writings "Stop the Violence" and" We (Heart) a Safe NY".
A group of four children cross the street, as an adult looks down the street.
Two almost naked people walk together, one with a unicycle, and the other wearing a masquerade mask.
An adult male is sipping coffee.
Two people standing with a naked guitar player in a busy street.
People spying on a naked man.
The adult is sliding in the shower.
An older adult playing with a little boy in a lake with boats in the distance.
What "little tidbit?"  When you are grabbed by the genitals without warning by a sexual predator that is not "permitting" anything.   "According to legal documents, Trump has been accused of raping a 13-year-old child, raping his ex-wife, and attempting to rape a former business associate. He vehemently denies all of these accusations—and it should be noted anyone can file a civil complaint in court, and a complaint is by no means proof of allegations. That being said, the accusations are chilling...The first and most famous accusation comes from Trump’s ex-wife Ivana Trump. During a deposition in the ’90s, Ivana described a harrowing scene in which Trump held her arms back, pulled at her hair, and raped her in a fit of rage. She herself used the word “rape.”...".  then there's the 1997 lawsuit  filed by Jill Harth for unwelcome sexual advances and "attempted rape"...the 3rd lawsuit was filed this year, wherein a woman claims she was raped by Trump when she was 13 years old.  Fusion.
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors.
A child is looking at an adult.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A gambling game between several people at a casino.
The man is naked.
Four girls are playing soccer while an adult looks over them.
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean.
The man is naked.
Two boys are in a canoe on a very calm ocean or large lake, while behind them is a larger motor boat with an adult standing on the deck.
5 adult men standing on stage after a concert.
A girl is sitting on an adult's shoulders at an outdoor event.
Young boy skateboarding in front of a tall monument that has 3 adult statues on it with one of the statues holding a baby.
An adult and a child sweeping the street while wearing thick yellow coats.
A naked man and several naked women are dancing.
The adult men are young.
An adult and a child walking in front of a circle building.
The man is naked in the ocean.
Two young adult men are sitting in front of a video game system and playing it.
a man buying drugs.
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children.
adult with red boots and purse walking down the street next to a brink wall.
Women are contemplating their bets during a game involving gambling.
Something seems to be better than nothing as a young adult male plays a violin near the entrance of a store with his violin case open ready to accept the "tips" of his fans.
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand.
A little girl learning how to mountain climb, with an adult.
An adult is feeding a crocodile.
There is an adult sleeping.
A naked child stands looking into a body of water.
A young adult looking through the lens of a large telescope.
A young child is digging in the dirt with an adult who cannot be seen.
A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it.
Adults watching porn online.
A young adult male, wearing shorts, a black shirt and a work apron, makes adjustments to a bicycle.
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.
Adult, in gray shirt and black shorts, mows lawn while child in hat, striped shirt, and jean shorts, pretends to mow lawn.
An adult and a child sitting in a doorway eating a snack.
A young girl covering her naked body with her arms while she jumps off a concrete block.
A naked man lies on the rocks near the water trapped in a net.
Laughable how your dick is orange from jerking off to your own stupidity ...
Now that he's put Mika and Joe in their place, it's time for some pussy grabbing!
There is a man running naked down the hallway.
An adult is showing a child how to do something.
A man and a woman set out fish on the floor and pretended to be fish as well by swimming, because they were on drugs.
Two women drink alcohol.
An adult man looking at a female child playing.
A  naked man is sitting on the wall.
An old fashion pub, Employees are dressed in old fashion wear and alcohol comes in jugs.
A boy, an adult and two dogs running through the snow.
The child is learning how to do something from the adult.
A young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.
The child is guiding the adult in red.
The man is naked and scared of the water.
A kid is pushing a shopping cart behind an adult inside a consumer market.
A blonde street worker is naked in the middle of the street.
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99% Angel.
A mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant.
I've learned as much as I like boobs, never trust the judgment of someone with more boobs than brains.
Why not have 2 pictures in the passport. One of your face and one of your genitals?
An adult dressed in black holds a stick.
A little boy in the bowling alley jumping for joy and another boy running, as an adult watching with amazement.
The children and adult are indoors.
the lady is naked.
Kid are allowed to attempt the assault course.
An adult supervising a child play in a pit filled with multi-colored plastic balls.
The man is naked.
The naked cowboy is in New York City.
Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.
Two young adult passengers of a vehicle are sleeping.
Two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street.
An adult crouched over and looking at a red car.
A man is laying naked on a couch.
A naked woman is blowing a whistle.
The woman are naked.
The woman is naked.
A young adult female in a white lab coat and purple latex gloves is looking through a microscope in a lab.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
the man is naked.
the man is naked.
A half naked man in ethnic dress is breathing fire.
He is naked.
Six adult woman walk on a sidewalk along side a red building.
Several people walking at the park with a little girl in green shirt holding on to an adult wearing a white shirt.
adult man climbing a rock in a park.
Naked man runs down the street .
the cosplayers are naked.
Boy running naked on the field.
If I could grab women by the pussy  and keep my job or show my face in the coffee shop I'd have voted for Trump.
A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court.
A PhD only gets you so far down your own particular rabbit hole. A PhD in nano-robotics would probably laugh out loud about another PhD's assertion that we'll always be able to "tell the difference..". They would probably laugh out loud that is, if not for the fact that they're busy having sex with a Robot.
Two people in a kitchen with cups of alcohol beverage.
an adult cuts his yard's grass.
No she doesn't!  She rents them out as child sex slaves from the basement of pizza restaurants.  Don't you follow Facebook?
A young adult is watching tv.
Two women walk away from the naked cowboy.
A half-naked performer is performing for a small crowd outside.
Kent calling it "mind rape" when people argue that she should support her party's nominee diminishes the violence of rape and shows no respect for the right of others to self expression.
The pussssssy just canceled the annual gov picnic. Ha. He is afraid to face the public.
The adult is reading to the child on the couch.
An adult and child are playing monopoly, the child is covering his face with his hand.
A naked child is playing with water in the pool.
a boy is naked working on a piece of wood.
An adult watches a boy riding a skateboard.
People are shopping at a drug store.
This woman is very religious and would never set foot inside a place with gambling.
Porn models pose for pictures for Playboy magazine.
A young adult in the middle of a road waving flags of red, white, and black.
Three naked people ride bicycles in a city street while law enforcement and a crowd looks on.
A naked woman is waiting at the entrance.
A naked child is crawling on the beach in front of a horse and a man.
An adult wearing a black shirt and tan pants is standing at the water's edge with two children.
The woman is naked.
A half naked man pushes against the trunk of a fig tree.
The person is gambling in a casino.
The adult and children are watching a movie indoors.
Should be a lesson to all men--be careful where you stick your dick!
A young adult female in a white lab coat and purple latex gloves is looking through a microscope in a lab.
The man is naked.
Two naked young boys play in the water.
It rains solid diamonds on her anus.
The mainstream Jewish organizations were trying to kiss British ass.
The men are naked.
A person is naked in a snow tunnel.
A little boy and adult woman are playing "store clerk" with a toy cash register and basket of food.
Two young children and a young adult are working on craft projects in a classroom setting.
A woman with a white shirt is seen with a half-naked man with many tattoos.
an adult is watching television.
Manafort has  been indicted next comes Trumpler and all you pussy ass Trump dick lickers will start crying in your beer when he goes to prison bend over and kiss your hopes and dreams goodbye asshole.
Two men in an alley, conducting a drug deal.
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.
I understand that she is equally proficient doing the alternate oral-anal thing...
An adult is cutting up tomatoes.
oh well, i guess she can go back to posting pictures of her butt on instagram.
Three children and one adult are near the base of a rock formation in shallow water, and an adult wearing a blue shirt is standing on the top of the rocks.
The adult and children are gathered around a campfire.
There are two small boys wearing ball caps, playing T-Ball in green grass with three adult men watching.
A kid is naked.
A small child in a costume looks up at an adult.
An adult and two children are making crafts in a classroom.
the man is naked.
An adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it's raining.
the man is naked at the mall.
Trump can grab my pussy anytime!
The man is having sex on top of the washer.
Three young boys playing with tires, with adult close by.
An adult is walking away, empty-handed.
A man and his son walk by an adult video store.
The women are naked.
The men are in a band and drinking alcohol.
Naive female. Don't go to a man's apartment unless you want to be penetrated.
A man poses naked for a magazine photographer.
An adult sitting on colorful rugs.
Two naked and wet boys playing in a waterhole.
An bald elderly adult.
All the men must love trump because he told them he has a large penis.
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap.
An adult couple pose by a cardboard cut out for a movie as they go on a date.
An adult playing checkers with a young blond-haired boy.
Two young adult males are participating in a high-five.
An adult is standing next to a bike.
An adult performing a finger puppet show with a young child in a costume.
Wow.  The Senate pretty much told the orange one to suck eggs.  Now the Coast Guard is too?
The woman is a drug dealer on the street.
The woman is naked.
Naked men wrestling inside a ring.
Adult, in gray shirt and black shorts, mows lawn while child in hat, striped shirt, and jean shorts, pretends to mow lawn.
A group of young, naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket.
A half naked man surfs on a board down a water slide as people watch him.
A group of adult, male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle.
Naked woman speaking into a loudspeaker.
And you're an expert in such matters as child sexual predation and rape? Comparing your association with Miller to that of a depraved mind and personality it takes to prey on children is akin to comparing the bieb to Jack the Ripper.
An adult and a kid are both wearing yellow shirts and the child is putting glue on a piece of paper.
A naked cowboy taking pictures with two ladies.
The woman is completely naked.
The man and women are running on the beach naked.
A man and woman have sex in the park.
A young man is drinking alcohol.
A woman sits at home looking at porn.
People holding containers on alcohol stand around examining artwork.
A naked woman is taking pictures.
An adult dressed in black holds a stick.
The people are naked in a pond in winter.
a man drinking alcohol at an event.
The adult is using the drums.
I wonder if he cups his nipples?
A young adult with red-hair wearing a green shirt is doing work at a table.
The girl is an adult.
A female adult is near some kids.
The naked man plays the tuba while the crowd walks away.
A young adult male, wearing black pants, a white shirt and a red belt, is practicing martial arts.
A waitress is throwing alcohol bottles at a group of customers.
An adult is braiding the hair of a young schoolgirl who sitting in a wooden chair in front of a tent with a baby in her lap.
An Indian duo of opposite sex attend a gathering.
A toddler boy examines a pair of blue jeans, with an adult in the background.
A young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.
An old man is standing outside an adult store.
A young asian girl is working with wood with the help of an adult.
The teen is on drugs.
Someone has a tattoo of a naked lady on their leg.
A child with and adult hand.
The naked man is playing drums.
The boy is naked.
adult with red boots and purse walking down the street next to a brink wall.
Two teams are refusing to play each other naked.
A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair.
An adult reads a magazine at the table.
the adult smokes a cigarette and sleeps.
A small group of adult males enjoy a conversation in an architecturally sound building.
an adult and 4 children making crafts at a table.
A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word' sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground.
A gambling game between several people at a casino.
A young girl looks up at an adult as she tries to swing on a public playground.
A naked woman steps in to the swimming pool.
On a sandy park area, a boy in soccer clothes has kicked a ball in the air in front of himself while behind him five adult men stand watching in a semi-circle.
The firemen are naked.
The children and the adult are sitting on a bench.
A crowd of half naked people at an outdoor festival.
Adult education students are listening to a lecture given by their professor.
The naked man is running down the street.
A young adult male leans against a brick wall with his laundry bag and speaks into his cellphone with his free hand.
There is a grown adult eating some food.
An adult man is crossing the street on a scooter.
Two adult workers from a local company are getting a large amount of food ready on a buffet for a festive picnic with styrofoam plates and bowls.
Young white male child with blond-hair in a red shirt coloring with crayons outside with an adult.
The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside.
School children walk single file under adult supervision.
A shot looking down at a group of girls who are dressed up and holding glasses of alcohol.
A naked girl standing on a table.
Two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.
An adult laying on a dinosaur.
The girl is naked.
One adult and three children gathered on the floor looking at a picture on a digital camera.
An adult and child are walking past a contemporary-style building.
A naked woman covered in mud in front of a crowd.
A naked child is outside on the beach.
A young adult male, wearing a black shirt and black pants, balances on one leg atop modern architecture.
The blond-haired women is naked.
fact is these showoffs should be booted from america and not allowed to come back until they apologize to all real americans and work at a real job with no pay. what a bunch of overpaid big babies who need an ass kicking.
A woman seated on couch in a children's section of a library holds up small piece of cloth while four kindergarten sized children and another adult watch her.
A mural with an eye and hands says "stop the violence, we heart a safe N.Y.".
A man is naked taking a bath.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
There is a large group of adult men playing water polo.
The man is naked waiting for a boat.
A guy is looking at porn.
the men are naked in the site.
A group of six adult hikers gather on a dirt road in front of a few trees in the afternoon while their leader stands in the foreground in a green jacket, pointing at something just ahead.
Naked man riding a scooter.
There is an adult making paper mache at the table with the children.
a group of young adult women sit in the floor knitting.
In an outdoor scene on a sunny day, a group of young adult males wearing colorful T-shirts walks behind a woman wearing sunglasses, a black tank-top, and blue shorts.
Two naked children, one with a mark on his chest.
A young girl approaches an adult on a brick walkway.
there is a person who is naked standing next to a dog who is on a leash.
A child rides an orange boogie board in the waves while an adult looks on from the water.
Some men are gambling at the casino.
An adult male and female balance on a seesaw.
the man is naked.
Three Asian women, one elderly, one a child and one an adult crossing a street.
The man is naked.
Kid smiling while holding alcohol.
Kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building.
An adult in brightly colored clothing and hat, is weaving or beading while sitting on brightly colored rugs.
Thank you Kathy for having the balls to call out the spineless state senators.
Two men sitting, gambling at a Casino.
Two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool Legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.
A woman is running naked in a park.
The man is swimming in the ocean naked.
Naked man playing Miniature Golf.
Two people are racing each other legally on motorcycles while being naked.
A naked man is standing on a set of stairs.
A group of naked men watching a broken down machine sit near the subway tracks.
Small child standing in the middle of a dirt road with adult running towards them.
A adult man negotiates a city lane on a three wheel bicycle which is carrying a large blue plastic drum used to hold water which he might use or be delivering.
The child is packing around the adult on its shoulders.
Adult and child walking away with open umbrellas outside.
There is an adult sprawled.
Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud; one is standing up.
This is a drug deal.
A little boy looks nervous as an adult adjusts his shirt collar.
The man is naked.
There is a seated adult male using a tool.
Nothing less than mutual masturbation by the purveyors of a medium that has lost touch with readers.
I thought your three reasons were for what Trump brings to the table: Sex, lies and videotape.
A baby tugs an adult in the sand box.
My skin and genitalia are the same colour, aren't yours?
A child and an adult are looking at a caged rooster on a table.
The men are eating chips and drinking alcohol.
A young adult woman is standing next to a display in a candy store.
SpekAK: Totally agree.  Where are the Leftist feminists on this one? 80% of illegal immigrant females are being raped while illegally crossing the boarder- and the perpetrators are other illegals or Mexican 'coyotes.'  Most of them have neither heard of that term or would do anything about it, because the media will never publish it, and they wouldn't listen, even if they did.
An adult ballerina shows you children how to dance.
Two brunett women are gambling.
An adult wearing a gray shirt with red sleeves sleeping on a couch.
The old man is naked.
The man is swimming naked.
The leader is sleeping naked in bed.
A woman, a card dealer, and a person in a Coldwell Banker dog mascot costume are playing a gambling game.
"I contribute to everybody. I've given to Democrats. I've given to Hillary. I've given to everybody, because that was my job. I've got to give to them. because when I want something I get it. When I call, they kiss my ass. It's true. They kiss my ass. It's true". Donald Trump.
Two adult woman stand in front of a class of young students.
An adult holding a very young child's leg while he in on a hammock.
A young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.
Hurray for your Pussy Grabber in Chief! Go grab them pussies Putrumpski! Amirite?
A toddler boy examines a pair of blue jeans, with an adult in the background.
a naked man ran on the beach.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A naked man with a cane likes art.
A child and adult are holding hands.
Officer, thats not MY Penis in her.  I do not know how it got there...............
The girl is not being supervised by an adult.
A young adult jumps on a yellow barricade.
Or you could pull your panties out of the crack of your butt.. man-up and respect their right to free speech.. just as the blm and antifa claim.. or are you myopic?
A blond dog is standing beside a blond puppy, who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog.
A man lying on a park bench with a bottle of alcohol next to him.
The woman is naked and covered in mud while a crowd watches.
The adult film features a redhead in a pillow fight.
Two people assault a third in the back alley for her shawl.
Oral sex is not a crime...only when you pay for it...and clearly not the case and absolutely irrelevant in thus particular matter....NEXT!
A young adult male, wearing shorts, a black shirt and a work apron, makes adjustments to a bicycle.
Protesters are demonstrating against violence in Iran.
A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.
the women are naked.
A group of five children and three adults look on while a fourth adult speaks on a beach.
The naked man drinks a beer on the beach.
The man is sitting down drinking alcohol.
An adult with an infant strapped to chest walks in the forest with another child in tow.
The adult has brought their child to a park.
A lecture for a women's group about sexual abuse.
An adult women and a little girl sit by water in the woods.
An adult horse approaching a foal on a sandy plain.
Reese Witherspoon was inspired by her movie, and is hiking to San Fran to get addicted to drugs.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
a naked guy is sitting on the couch.
Two men making funny faces while they drink alcohol.
An adult and a child walking on the sidewalk next to a large building with graffiti.
A man is naked in the snow, being cuffed for indecent exposure.
In this photo, a naked man gives a talk.
The adult is mashing potatoes with his hands.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
A young adult in the middle of a road waving flags of red, white, and black.
A young girl looks up at an adult as she tries to swing on a public playground.
A couple looks at porn.
The woman is completely naked.
A naked man stands outside holding a blank sign.
Many people gather alcohol bottles and caps in piles in a poorer nation.
a naked person lights themselves up.
A half naked women is riding a bike.
Jeez, guys. Where do your girlfriends store your testicles?
Nothing:  Her first priority SHOULD be her DAUGHTER but it is not.  Her first priority was to drive somewhere to see her SEX OFFENDER boyfriend and be DRUGGING and SEXING for 3 weeks.............
A naked man is holding a chainsaw.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.
