Nh - Slang for ‘Nice Hand’.
banyan gaming llc.
crypto gaming services.
sharp gaming.
ascensus interactive llc.
wiz partners.
Vigorish - The amount charged by the bookmaker for making a bet. Also known as vig, or the juice.
oak grove racing, gaming & hotel.
Beef - The outcome of a bet may cause a dispute between a player and a dealer. This is referred to as ‘Beef’.
pi piper limited.
network gaming.
greysnowpoker.com.
Terms and Conditions - Found in every single casino, they are the rules that players have to follow. A casino will set out it’s terms and conditions and players must agree to follow them. Any players who breach the terms and conditions will risk being banned from the casino and having any winnings forfeited.
Mirage Resorts.
cryga.
End-of-the-day Betting Effect - Players who take higher risks at the end of the day to try and make up for previous losses.
International Game Technology (1975–2015).
acttab limited.
mansa gaming.
Muck - Used in poker it means to fold a hand face down into a discard pile.
Chargeback - A charge that is returned to the original payment card.
asojuegos asociación colombiana de operadores de juegos.
winiota.
Chips - A term often used in a land based casino for coloured discs that are equivalent to money. They are commonly used at casino tables. Online casinos also refer to chips when asking players to wager their stakes.
king's poker society.
rolla services ltd.
fenway games.
21bet.
gaming america.
bitcoin lottery - btcl.
bfgchips inc.
globus exclusive.
noble games.
ithuba holdings (pty) ltd.
Gambling Jokes - Every niche or a group has some inside jokes, or just jokes related to the subject, and so does gambling.
bigwinboard.com.
ice asia.
Maximum Bet - The maximum amount that can be staked in a single round. This can also refer to the maximum stake that is allowed when playing with bonus funds.
superbet zakłady bukmacherskie sp. z o.o.
nossa aposta.
scratcher.
центрум.
gulf coast casino properties llc.
inplaynet.
Argosy Gaming Company.
bingo club australia.
jogo global.
reactivation group ltd.
betplay.
Casino Withdrawal Limit.
softlotto ltd.
betika.com.
gaming and it jobs.
cavallo solutions.
venture gaming, llc.
mgm national harbor.
black type.
valuebet llc.
casino doctors llc.
betbiga.
naijabillionaire limited.
Withdrawal Methods - The payment options that players can use in order to withdraw their winnings. These can vary depending on the players country and the casino itself and we have a complete guide to different deposit and withdrawal methods so check it out.
quinnbet.
lottofy.
novusbet.
betking nigeria.
bgaming.
scottish children's lottery.
Random Number Generator (RNG) - Used by casinos it is a device used to produce random outcomes, known as algorithms. They ensure that players get a fair and unbiased experience and are more commonly used in video slots. Our informative blog covers how RNG works in slots.
sv world casino & hotel.
Resorts International.
the lottery.
igaming tracker.
pokerhigh.
penn interactive ventures (piv).
rummy online play.
rubyplay.
global gaming women.
picklebet.
skrilla.
true lab.
noblebet.
Jack Entertainment.
santa fe station.
nemesis games studio.
Short Stacked - Having less chips than other players in a game of poker or compared to the maximum allowed buy-in amount. This is usually less than 100 times the big blind.
N1 - Slang for ‘Nice One’.
FanDuel Casino.
Quads - A hand that consists of four cards of the same rank.
Casino Streaming - Casino streaming is a live broadcast of a casino game being played in real time on YouTube or Twitch with the option of the audience interacting with the player.
Double Down - Can refer to a bet of equal size to an initial bet, commonly used in Blackjack. This also means that both of these bets can either win or lose together.
sportsbroker.
oddstackr.
Drop Percentage - This can be a portion of a players cash that the casino has won as a result of the house edge.
women's poker association inc.
snai rete italia.
realdealgaming ltd.
rootz ltd.
dragon gaming.
mylotterystore.
dransfield novelty company limited.
mark twain saloon & casino.
the quad resort and casino.
one click ltd.
Caesars Entertainment.
Scared Money - Money that the player cannot afford to lose or a wager that is simply too high for the player.
argo gaming group.
estoril sol digital, online gaming products and services, s.a.
oolixy srl.
rngplay.
Bet - A wager made on any game. This can be a single wager or can refer to a group of wagers.Betting is more commonly used in table games and live casinos.
Wagering Requirement - This is a term casino places on their bonuses. It means that players will need to play through a certain amount before their bonus reverts to withdrawable cash. The wagering requirement will be set at a certain amount, a common example being 35x. This means a player will need to wager the total amount of bonus they have 35x. For example if a player receives a $10 bonus with a 35x wagering requirement it means they have to place bets to the value of $350 before they can withdraw any winnings derived from that bonus. The term can be confusing to say the least so check out our blog wagering requirements explained for a more in depth explanation.
timebox limited.
loughborough poker society.
tally-ho games.
eCOGRA - An independent agency which audits online casinos in order to determine that their operating standards are fair. Ther full name is e-Commerce Online Gaming Regulation and Assurance.
GOY - Game of the Year.
Rollover - When a game is not won and the prize amount rolls over.
ivamedia group.
Rank - What a set of cards is worth in a game of poker.
superior gaming solutions.
ilani.
jackpot.com.
silverback gaming.
Mandalay Resort Group.
belotto (bel).
bazabet.
buzz bingo.
tiopoker.
stride gaming plc.
win my skins.
stark solutions d.o.o.
bet.pt.
Crimp - A bend that has been made intentionally on a corner of a card to facilitate identi­fic­ati­on. ­.
Loose - Some who will play multiple hands which includes those that are of a low quality.
pokerdeals.
Mobile slot - A slot machine optimised for use through mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. The game will be identical to the web version game in regards to how it plays.
Planet Hollywood.
river bet.
africabet zambia.
best bonus.
paradise entertainment limited.
TLC Casino Enterprises.
SHFL Entertainment.
Dress Code - Some casinos do have a dress code and require you to dress a certain way.
tribal gaming & hospitality magazine.
broadbase services d.o.o.
eludum.
powerplay.
President Casinos.
slotguru.
the strategy organization.
God of luck - Some cultures have different entities that bring luck to the player; in India, there is Lakshmi, and Ancient Greeks believed in Tyche.
harrah's cherokee valley river.
Bluff Catcher - This hand can only beat a bluff.
Payline - Most or nearly all slot machines have these. They are a line of symbols which can form a winning combination. Matching symbols will need to fall on these lines in order to win. Paylines will vary from game to game and can come in all different shapes and sizes. Some slots may have reduced paylines, as little as 1 whilst other games will have hundreds, if not thousands.
ee intressenter.
bitwin24.
Against the Spread - This is a sporting term which refers to the result of an event that takes the point spread into account. This also refers to the act of taking points rather than betting with the spread or “laying” points.
Sodak Gaming.
online casino real money.
prudent marketing limited.
digital winners.
Penn Entertainment.
Expected Value - Players can expect this to be the average return they get back over a long period of time. This value will entirely depend on how profitable or not the bet is.
jinni lotto.
cloversense technology inc. (cti).
north star network.
lotterysambad.
cryptonia poker.
bestbet360.
club pierre charron.
lebull.
live gaming summit.
parttimepoker / media techs gaming.
wozo gaming.
apajo - associação portuguesa de apostas e jogos online.
Live chat - A service provided by a casino whereby players can speak to a customer service agent in real time. Some casinos will provide this support around the clock 24/7 whilst other casinos will have it open during business hours only.
q2 gaming.
Golden Nugget Hotel & Casinos.
fasttoken.
hector consulting ltd.
All in - When players wager all of their remaining chips.
easyjoker.
7starspartners.
esportgaming.
international gaming affiliate association.
grand vision gaming.
Casino Edge - See: Casino Advantage.
Cannery Casino Resorts.
stm gaming.
First Casino in the World - The oldest casino in the world is in Venice and was opened in 1638. It is considered the first casino in the world.
scorpions.
pastón.es.
gambling careers.
Chase - A player who continues to gamble after a losing streak. Can also be referred to as chasing their losses.
oddsdaily.
Argent Corporation.
scatters.
wunderino.
slot machine design.
Reel - Used in slots it is the rotating element of the game which is filled with symbols. Different slots will have different sets of reels, one of the most common is 5 and classic slots and known for having 3 reels.
Slot Machine - A game where players spin the reels and match symbols (usually 2 or more) to get winning combinations.
Feng Shui Plants - like with lucky charms or animals some cultures share a belief that plants can bring you luck.
areto net.
Gross Win - The total win before expenses.
cashino.
crazy billions limited.
european casino management ltd.
atlantic venture s.a.
bettend.com.
consulting gaming.
resorts world las vegas.
Classic Slot - A slot machine that usually has fewer paylines and features than the average video slot. They can often imitate a land based slot machine and are known for their minimalism. Our blog will teach you more about how slots work.
gauselmann ag.
aquila global group.
Baccarat - A popular card game which is also referred to a Punto Banco. Baccarat comes in many variants and consists of betting on whether the player, or the dealer, has a winning hand from a two-card or three-card hand. Players cumulate points and the winner is the one closest to nine. 10’s and face cards do not carry any point value.
strandänger & medvall ab.
qufan internet technology ltd.
gamblingstar.
snowborn games ab.
elam group.
Beginner’s Luck - A novice player who is on a winning streak.
Medieval Gambling - The oldest casino in the world can be traced to Venice in the 17th century; however, medieval gambling was also very popular in other formats.
propswap.
spinwin media ltd.
Light & Wonder.
counterdraft.
Paint - Another word for a face card.
altenar.
hard rock hotel & casino lake tahoe.
guru games, inc.
Leroy's Horse & Sports Place.
nagaland state lottery.
euro games technology cz s.r.o.
Sin City - An urban area that caters for various vices which can be legal or illegal.
Broadwater Development.
city gaming limited.
one casino.
gsl gaming group.
Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville.
Box Cars - When a player rolls two 6 on a dice.
Global Gaming Asset Management.
bet arena - digital.
betastic.com.
betchill ab.
rgt global.
no house advantage.
sports gambling guides.
magnetics.
缅甸维加斯集团.
ngt | new games technology.
House Edge - The probability that the casino will win money and is usually expressed as a percentage. For example, if a casino has a 5% house edge it means a player will lose 50 cents for every $10 bet. Players will have a better chance of winning with a lower house edge.
people per hour limited.
Video Gaming Technologies.
Primm Valley Resorts.
Exposure - This is the maximum amount of money that a sportsbook stand can expect to lose in a single game.
winbet online.
Bonus Ban - A player who receives a bonus ban will no longer be eligible to receive any bonuses at that casino. This could also extend to a group of the same casinos.
crypto gambling foundation.
manisol gaming limited.
betsport7.com.
9jabet pro tips.
tuko production srl.
thiên hạ bet - jss77 - nhà cái uy tín nhất việt nam 2019.
Bally's Corporation.
Barrick Gaming Corporation.
casino ambassadori.
Tilt - Someone who is on a losing streak.
Carpet Joint - More Vegas terms for a high end or luxury casino.
Pit Boss - A highly ranked casino employee.
la lotera.
Non-negotiable Chips - These are chips that have been handed out by the casino to play but cannot be exchanged for cash at any point.
jamul casino.
equus ®.
caravel entertainment.
sportchamps.
Cold Table - When the players who are betting right are losing frequently.
ppipoker.com.
gamanza group.
Press - When someone wagers a larger amount than they usually would.
teamhuddl.
peter & sons llc.
playcrowd.
ellary gaming dba of ellary interests llc.
Jackpot - A large amount of money that a player can win, usually the largest amount of money that can be won in a single game. Our blog has detailed some of the biggest slots machine wins of all time, as well as ideas on how to spend your jackpot.
bonusland.
Tapping Out - Someone who has run out of money.
casino de pornic - groupe partouche.
complinks.
Hook - A half-point.
bethereum.
2nt8 limited.
Pit - This is a certain area in a casino where the tables are manned by dealers.
logiqpay limited.
Self-exclusion - A player who voluntarily excludes themselves from playing at a casino, possibly for addiction purposes. Once a player self excludes themself they cannot play at the casino, or at the group of casinos.
onepix business development services ltd.
velogames.
egaming monitor.
takkaro.
accessbet (tm gaming networks).
outabox solutions.
merkur interactive services.
88technologies.
jade rabbit studio.
bettor faster.
banach technology ltd.
ubethem.
bysos.
Riviera Holdings.
bet2earn.
iadowr coin.
Casino Magic Corp.
mevu.bet.
Gambler's Conceit -When a gambler believes they will be able to stop a risky behaviour while still engaging in it.
stafford tavern.
casino admiral ruggell.
lvbet.
best millions.
fotolotto as.
Bet Max - The maximum amount a player can bet in a single wager, a term more commonly used with high rollers.
casino scouts, llc.
world`s largest bingo.
planet bingo.
casino screens.
california casino nites.
Horseshoe Gaming Holding Corporation.
global daily fantasy sports inc. (gdfsi).
elray gaming.
Banker - This is the person who players bet against at the table. The banker usually changes on every turn or every other.
citrof group.
pallybet.
ibetu.
igaminglatam.
dotworkers.
Nl - Slang for ‘No Limit’.
lotterybank.
wearecasino.
go!bet.
Pinnacle Entertainment.
crowd1.
the betting edge.
bencon technologies inc.
pip capital & consulting, llc.
betlive.com.
matrix igaming llc.
boost22 aps.
hupis - hrvatska udruga priređivača igara na sreću.
wolf ticket.
Video Poker - A game that simulates the action of five-card poker games. Players can discard and replace cards and id they meet the minimum hand they will win.
Empire Resorts.
bocados.
tiger palace resort.
codeta.
Sawdust Joint - Slang word used in America for a casino that is rough and ready.
champion bet uganda.
cash support bv.
betfray a/s.
truegame.
Resorts International Holdings.
Progressive Jackpot - This is a jackpot game where the jackpot will get bigger as more players bet on the game. These are often linked to a network of slots who will share the jackpot. The jackpot will continue to grow until won which can be in a number of ways including randomly triggered. Once won, the progressive jackpot will reset itself and start again. We’ve explained how a progressive slot machine works in our blog.
casino over under llc.
k8.com.
Blackjack - A classic card game found in most casinos where players take on the dealer. The aim of the game is to have a better hand than a dealer with a score of 21 or as close off. A score over that amount will cause the player or dealer to go bust. A perfect Blackjack consists of a 10-point card and an Ace.
Nickel - Slang for gambling to the value of $500.
Deposit Methods - The range of payment options players have in order to fund their casino accounts. This will vary from casino to casino and will also change depending on the country of play.
bonkersb2b.
.
rightlander.
game stands llc.
suaposta.
sjm.
the clermont club limited.
gamdom.com.
bm-value.
ibet network.
reelzone.
startupin italy - advisory & communication (igaming).
travel and gambling.
joe jennings (harlow) limited.
innovative casino solutions lc.
adoptit publishing limited.
Pot Limit - When a game has a fixed bet size per round which is also equivalent to the size of the current pot.
seo casinos.
onsidebetting.
liger coin.
Flush - Again this is another term you’ll hear in a game of poker when a player has a hand that consists of all the same suit.
sl casino riga.
Scratch - An online game where something needs to be scratched off for the player to know if they have won. Usually it means players will have to have matching amounts to win that amount.
gameworx.
Chartwell Leisure.
gamlabs.
rivers casino & resort schenectady.
gaming impact research, nonprofit corporation.
Boomtown, Inc.
Practical Hold Advantage - This is the amount that is won by a bookmaker and divide by the total amount booked.
slotmill.
jamul tribal gaming commission.
Breaking the Bank - A player who wins a critical sum of money which can be more than the casino has on the hand or for winning more chips than are at the table.
the lodge poker club - round rock tx.
kalamba games.
bet event.
sportsflare.
epic partners (affiliate program).
acro.
casino strike.
unlv international center for gaming regulation.
casual bet.
ocean casino resort.
casino hacks.
maxima compliance.
maverick gaming.
rivalo colombia.
bananenflanke entertainment ug.
livecasino.
grand corona casino.
casinotest.de ltd.
ladbrokes coral ph.
bonanza interactive llp.
bestgoldbet limited.
makemy.bet.
decker poker.
dotcom internet.
Ortiz Gaming.
sportimba.com.
markor technology.
Comp Points - These are points players can earn when they play at a casino. These can often be collected and exchanged for rewards such as cash, gifts, bonuses or merchandise. Our blog post explains how casino comps work and how to earn them.
Advance-deposit Wagering - Gambling on the outcome of horse racing where bettors must find their account before being allowed to place a bet.
betchamps.
casino house.
bella gamming tables.
vox wallet.
monotech gaming.
proof of toss.
igaminguk ltd.
wibbsy limited.
konocti vista casino.
candy wings.
goldenearth ltd.
Spread Betting - Wagering on an event there the pay off is based on the accuracy of the wager instead of a simple win/lose outcome.
ibet directory.
gaming frog.
sv world casino.
jeetwin.
extremoo media.
sthlm gaming.
Alderney Gambling Control Commission - An independent and non political organisation that regulates eGambling on behalf of the States of Alderney. The Commission ensures that its regulatory and supervisory approach meets the very highest of international standards.
mercury poker.
Wynn Resorts.
Jackpot Enterprises.
original spirit.
live solutions.
marketbeaters.
plunge pty ltd.
Progressive Slot - See ‘Progressive Jackpot’.
betswish.
wowcat limited.
northern lights gaming.
affmore.
quickcount ltd.
bahamas gaming operators association.
slotsup.
keyaffiliates.com.
victoria gate casino.
casino rad.
bet park.
power bet.
Ameristar Casinos.
yoh_viral.fr.
casino kc.
Wild Card - A card that substitutes for any card value, commonly found in a game of Poker or Video Poker.
Gambling Capital - On paper, there aren't any cities that could be called gambling capitals. However, some consider Las Vegas the gambling capital of the world.
7777 limited.
future anthem.
mohegan sun casino las vegas.
Wad - The amount of money a player has in their balance. See ‘Balance’.
Vici Properties.
Genesis Gaming Solutions.
decent.bet.
Paragon Gaming.
betmgm.
Hedge - A player who places wagers on the opposite side with an aim of cutting their losses or to guarantee a minimum amount of winnings.
golden dragon gaming corp.
lotto warehouse.
Crapshoot - Something that is risky or uncertain.
speed media games.
Dealer - Also known as a Croupier, is a casino employee who is responsible for hosting a table game and distributing the cards.
Jennings & Company.
The Siegel Group.
dl group.
betr ltd.
En Prison - A stake that will remain on the Roulette table for another spin. This follows an Even Money Bet where the outcome was either zero or even a double zero.
Archon Corporation.
ang ltd consulting.
eikon gaming.
casino brokers ltd.
Everi Holdings.
easygo gaming solutions.
Station Casinos.
Navegante Group.
bitwin.com - online sportsbook and casino.
gaminganalytics.ai.
vibra gaming.
slotvision.
competition interactive.
Martingale - This is a strategy, banned in some online casinos. It says that you should increase your bet after each loss by doubling and then adding one unit.
Arbitrage - Allows a bettor to back both sides when there is a variation in odds which results in a guaranteed win.
pixelbet.
superspade games.
pixil asia.
mango gaming.
Even Money - When a player wins back the same amount of money that they originally staked.
dice lab gaming.
United Coin Machine.
Tronc - A box which holds the tops for employees who work at the casino.
evolve interactive.
Mills Novelty Company.
Action - This can mean one of two things. It can be the total amount of money that has been put into play or a dealer expression to let a player know that it is their turn to act.
bnget.
tower lottery partnership limited.
odin services.
csno.
Casino Marker - This is like a casino loan, like an interest-free credit that needs to be paid back to the casino. Read our blog on casino markers for a more detailed description of the term.
felix gaming.
Slot Symbols - These are the symbols that make up a slot machine. Symbols will have to line up on a payline in order to generate a winning amount. These amounts are set out in the games paytable. The more symbols that match, the higher win they generate.
fifth street media.
creation igaming.
gbamng.
Home Field Advantage - Refers to the edge that the home team is expected to have.
helio gaming.
opentag.
Fruit Machine - Often found in land based casinos and is an old school slot machine. Will usually consist of basic graphics with fruit symbols and features will also be limited in comparison to video slots. Check out our blog to learn more about different types of casino games.
Tropicana Entertainment.
Players International.
Payoff - Can refer to the money a player has received from a win.
toti prima.
Golden Entertainment.
netgaming.
sportsbook solutions.
safebet.
dynamic partners.
hard rock hotel & casino atlantic city.
Royal Flush - In a game of Poker this is known as the money winning hand. Players can get a Royal Straight Flush or a Royal. It comprises an Ace, King, Queen, Jack or Ten from each suit.
bebetting.
Rake - Referred to either as a percentage or a flat rate, it is the amount that is collected by the house for each hand of poker that is played.
snowborn games.
Casino Advantage - Also known as House Edge this is the mathematical edge that casinos have over players.
casino portugal.
promotravel licensing, inc.
carousel group.
lot.to.
sigma-studios.
the daily payoff.
betmaster partners.
trio crm.
freakyvegas.
randombetting.com.
oddzone.
Accumulator - When winnings have been added from the previous roll to the players current stake. It is to bet on two games or more with the intent of investing the winnings from the first win onto the next stake. Also referred to as Parlay.
Hunch - A gut feeling, or rather a guess that a certain card will come on blackjack for example.
sense4gaming.
Betting Limits - The minimum and maximum bets that are permitted in any game.
igaming asia.
MGM Resorts International.
betiton.
Churchill Downs Incorporated.
nordic gambling.
Number Pool - In a game where numbers are going to be drawn this is the poor, or range of numbers. These pools can vary from game to game. Like in Bingo it can range from 1-75 and 1-90 whereas in Keno the number pool can range from 1-80.
Handicapping - When a player attempts to predict what the outcome would be of a sporting event. This will usually involve some kind of research by the player.
flinch bet.
Junket - Offered to VIP players it is a form of trip where the casino may offer to cover the costs of flights and hotel and in exchange players will put down a deposit of $5000 and agree to play a certain number of hours.
Underlay - A bet that a player does not want to make as it costs more money than it is actually worth. A bet that is in the houses favour rather than the players.
nicked it.
Shark - A smart player who can trick their opponent into pretending to be a fish when a game starts and then striking when everyone else has let their guard down.
golden hero ltd.
deal empire.
asensi technologies.
betsygames.
the london palace.
crocobet.com.
Las Vegas Sands.
quik gaming ltd.
bettingcloud.
winzap.
H. C. Evans.
Poker - Poker is a collective name given to a variety of table games where players use cards to try and win and outsmart each other.
bet4pride.
betsuite.
synot games.
safari raffle.
melbet nigeria.
Cashback - This is money a player can earn which is usually based on their losses but can also be based on winnings too or even wagers.
nederlandse loterij.
MGM Growth Properties.
easybet.
twin.
bettingknow.
governance associates.
all-in diversity project.
betfred sports.
fanup, inc.
prairie flower casino.
American Casino & Entertainment Properties.
tournament gaming.
Keno - A game that holds similarities to the lottery. You can pick numbers which you think will be drawn and they match what you pick, you win.
white noise gaming limited.
truckee gaming, llc.
jobs factor.
i3 interactive inc.
Firing - When a player places a large bet.
play more yo llc.
cashed limited.
casino universe.
rhinoceros operations ltd.
Deposit - When a player makes a payment into their casino account in order to play games.
1spinmillionaire.
Bonus - A reward or incentive that players can claim. Bonuses are given when players open a new account which can be rewarded free or as a result of a deposit. The amount of bonus will depend on the percentage offered by each casino. Most bonuses will have terms and conditions attached which include wagering (see below). We have a casino bonus guide that can help you with more information on this.
slingshot studios.
midnite.
betking.
max lindenberg consulting.
puntt.
neds.
pokershark.
gemina consulting.
women in gaming & hospitality australasia.
my rated tips limited.
quik video inc.
gary green gaming, inc.
Gambling Books - These books are guides, notes, handbooks and how-to books from the best gamblers in the world.
painted ponies, l.l.c.
rocket x.
Puppy - The underdog.
Legal Gambling Age - in most countries of the world legal age for gambling is 18, however there are some countries and states in the USA that require you to be at least 21.
Gifts for Gamblers - There is no single gift that fits all gamblers; however, there are some gambling-related gifts that any gambler will enjoy like good luck charms, gift cards etc.
Gold Strike Resorts.
Longshot - Someone who is unlikely to win.
fable media.
High roller - Another word for gambling with high bets or someone who always stakes high. If you’re interested in becoming a high roller, take a look at our blog.
gambling indaba.
accent gaming services ltd.
History of Online Gambling - Free Trade & Processing Act of 1994 was the first online gambling license and the first ever online gambling venue was Liechtenstein International Lottery. The history of gambling is rich with plenty ups and downs, changes and regulations worth knowing about.
Black Book - A list of players that are not allowed into casinos.
Bally Technologies.
monte carlo saigon club.
larry flynt's lucky lady casino.
dreamtech gaming.
gambo.
mancala gaming.
britbet.
green jade games ltd.
Harrah's Entertainment.
betplanet.
wplay.co.
rabbit entertainment.
SunCruz Aquasino.
pointsbet.
loterías origen - despacho mixto oficial nº 94185.
mondobets.
WMS Industries.
faded spade.
m365.bet.
spanishloto s.l.
first look games.
mob inc limited.
Caesars World.
Gambling - Someone who places a bet on a game which will have an unknown outcome at the time of betting.
Flat Betting - When a player bets the same for each hand and does not vary their denomination.
betspawn.
red double pte ltd.
Affiliate - A person or organization that can earn commission by promoting other people's products.
Boyd Gaming.
uk tote group.
opex ltd.
Blinds - A bet that a player is forced to make in Hold’em Poker.
fairground.
ezy gaming.
Figure - The total sum that is owed by or to the bookmaker.
Balance - The amount of money a player has (in their balance) This can be the total amount of money which can either be a deposit, bonus or both.
magic leaf limited.
Greyhound Electronics.
mandalorian technologies.
digital fuel innovations.
bermuda casino gaming commission.
lucky bet.
beat the bookies.
host.games.
Hit - In Blackjack this can mean for a player to request an additional card and in slots it is gambling terms for winning.
idx games ltd.
fortune gaming.
absolute live gaming.
Match bonus - This is when a casino matches a players deposit with a certain percentage which is then added as bonus funds into their account.
Gambling Songs - Check out our collection of top gambling-related songs of all time.
eurasian gaming.
astorgame.
Craps - A popular table game with dice. Craps offers many bets to choose from as the player attempts to roll a certain number.
macau gaming journal.
the unit.
rng foundry limited.
gameiom technologies limited.
oceanking software solutions llp - baadshah gaming.
solid gaming ltd.
ABC Player - This is a player that has a very predictable manner, usually in poker. When a player has a strong hand they will play aggressively and don’t usually get involved with weaker hands.
cosmoswin.
inagami.com.
Bankroll - Another word for Balance (see above). The money that is available for players to spend.
ad partnership ltd.
spinjuju gaming ltd.
Handle - The collective amount of money that has been bet on a single event or a group of events.
home gaming entertainment ltd.
premier automatics limited.
Hot Table - When players are winning frequently.
spearhead studios.
doxxbet nigeria.
agile gaming.
napoleons casino & restaurant, manchester.
blackbet.
casinowilds.
nedscoin.
playusa.
casino guru.
casino bonus.
4theplayer.com.
Brick and Mortar Casino - This is another word for a land based casino.
switch studios.
lmgames.
icon gaming.
risingbet.
digi technologies.
harrah's northern california.
betpoint group ltd.
greentube uk limited.
pin-up.partners.
reality races.
shiggle.
Marina District Development.
chilli partners.
rng-base.
gamblewise limited.
propus partners.
Gaming and Leisure Properties.
cryptobet casino.
solcalc consulting.
blox italy.
football flows.
xilverback b.v.
Lottery - A form of gambling that involves the drawing of numbers at random for a prize; a fun gambling fact is that more than 55% of people worldwide play some type of lottery.
Century Casinos.
betstudios.
blazesoft.
GTECH Corporation.
fantasma games.
jambler.
earners alliance ltd.
Burn Card - This is when a card that was meant to be dealt has been discarded instead.
delta markets.
algosport.
Lock - A player who wins easily.
arone sports.
coinpoker.
vici igaming ab (publ).
школа покера: smart poker.
Croupier - A French word for dealer, commonly found in a live casino.
hellotipsters limited.
Return to Player (RTP) - See Payout Percentage and visit our blogs to see the best RTP slots.
kviar show disco & casino república dominicana.
formula 55.
contentpro - igaming content.
bingobet.one.
hard rock hotel & casino sacramento.
kansas crossing casino + hotel.
datasprint.
rivalry.gg.
spudo.
Gambling Horoscope - A gambling horoscope is a forecast of a person's gambling future.
deutscher online casino verband e.v.
ace casino.
the malta poker festival.
stakers.
bebettor.
a nossa aposta.
Chalk - A favoured team, athlete or horse in a sporting event.
disruptigence media ltd.
The Majestic Star Casino, LLC.
Gg - Abbreviation for ‘Good Game’.
optimal gaming solutions, llc.
Carousel - Referred to as a group of slot machines.
Bust - Typically a blackjack term when a hand exceeds the score of 21. This results in the player or the dealer going bust.
dailyfantasysports.it.
untoldcasino.
Pigeon - Can refer to an inexperienced player, one that is new to the gambling world and may not possess much gambling knowledge and sophis­tic­ati­on. ­.
museumscafé.
grace media ltd.
Aggregate Winnings - The total amount or cumulative amount of winnings in a game.
Scatter - This is a slot term to describe a symbol that can usually land anywhere on the reels and still pay. It is also common for the Scatter Symbol to trigger a feature such as Free Spins. Scatters can be independent symbols that have a value or symbols that just trigger a feature, Some games may also require the Scatter to land on a payline.
onward gaming.
gaming galaxy.
Deuce - Gambling slang terms for two (like in the game Deuces Wild).
wild rose games.
dunder.
mahoe gaming enterprises ltd.
Peninsula Pacific Entertainment.
betmakers llc.
affiliate control.
igaming content.
frank & fred casino.
Contribution - This is an action where the player who was originally the raiser pre flop bets out of the flop.
MTR Gaming Group.
hdh.
Landry's.
mychance.
igaming next.
mint poker clubs.
hacksaw gaming.
vegazino casino | mobile & online.
Full House Resorts.
Freeroll - This can be a tournament in poker or video slots that will not require the player to pay an entrance fee. Cash prizes and incentives can still be won. It can also mean a hand that will win or split the pot at least.
Bonus Abuse - A person who claims multiple bonuses for their own financial benefit. A bonus abuser risks being banned from the casino or from claiming any future bonuses. Abusing bonuses can also forfeit any winnings the player has earned (see below).
online casinos.
wardurr.
doradobet.
chance hill.
Extension - This is the amount of money that the house will risk losing either on a game or a race.
paradise casino.
affiliate program jimpartners.
Wide-area Progressive - Machines that offer large progressive jackpots.
golden gates casino.
islands lotto limited.
play logia n.v.
United Tote.
savini bet srl.
royal kasino.
White Meat - Profit.
casinolytics.
Irregular Playing Patterns - Often associated with bonus abuse where players will do as little as possible to try and claim their prizes. Players found to be betting with irregular betting patterns risk having their winnings forfeited as it is usually classed as a breach of the casino's terms and conditions.
betx.
Columbia Sussex.
Fish - A poker term for when a player loses frequently and bets on each hand regardless of their strength of their cards.
lottomart.
two-up digital.
Railbird - Another word for a person who watches poker games rather than participating in them.
qlub.poker.
Circa Sports.
1x2masters part of gaming masters ltd.
uk matched betting.
rush gaming.
betzest official.
club liberté casino - seychelles.
Gambler's Ruin - A player who will eventually lose all their money, regardless of their strategy.
Discard Tray - This catches any used cards that have been played or discarded by a dealer.
luckbox.com.
rsn entertainment ltd.
betonbet betting exchange.
hedge pay.
bigibet nigeria.
Roulette - A table game that is played with a wheel and a ball. The wheel is filled with numbers and players bet on which number they think the ball will land on when the wheel stops. Players can predict single numbers or a group of numbers. There will be many variations of Roulette available.
casinogrounds.com.
zeal instant games (part of zeal group).
gamesoft.
masterpoker.
ludio media.
delta casino systems corp.
ikibu - a casino journey.
skyrocket entertainment limited.
melajuego.com.
Cashable - Can refer to a bonus that once wagered can be withdrawn as it becomes ‘cashable’. May also refer to a balance that can be withdrawn once all the wagering has been completed.
Full House - A poker term which comprises two cards of one rank and three cards of a second rank.
betlion.
Lakes Entertainment.
Dotty's.
Trump Entertainment Resorts.
bettle.
run it once poker.
club circus paris.
888spectate.
two-up digital.
africabet.com.
bud infrastructure ltd.
Double or Nothing - Players can double their bets and if they win, they’ll win double the amount. But, if they lose they will lose it all.
victory paradise resort & casino.
casino gambling club.
selva negra gaming & entertainment.
Churn - The effect of betting and then rebetting money.
spintech bulgaria.
Payout Percentage - This is a statistical percentage of every bet that has been wagered that will then be returned to the player. More commonly known as RTP, see below.
g8c (ganaeight coin).
smartplay systems, inc.
hawx.
pan malaysian pools sdn bhd.
Nosebleed - A gambling term for someone that is staking with extremely high bets. See also High Roller.
diceybit integration.
spinmatic entertainment.
poker games interactive llc.
betchrono.
vegascoin.vegas.
betmonk.
yield sec.
affillion.
Card Counting - Vegas terminology for outdoing a dealer in the game of blackjack as a form of cheating. It consists of the player remembering the cards that have been dealt in order to make an informed decision on the remaining cards and cheat the game in their favour.
Shoe - This is a device that holds multiple card decks. Often used in the game of Blackjack.
Coast Casinos.
Bad Beat - A lost hand that was in favour of winning.
casinocoin foundation.
firstbet.
bet360.
equotion ltd.
trò chơi việt nam - cổng chơi game hàng đầu.
Park Place Entertainment.
Gambling Paintings - The history of gambling is quite long, and there is even art that perfectly captures the atmosphere of gambling, like Caravaggio's Cardsharps.
echo creek gaming & hospitality.
George - A player who offers a generous tip.
gaming analytics inc.
playojo.
suns gaming, inc.
wetten.com.
Re-Bet - A player who has bet the same amount as their previous round.
odds-bods.
cloudstreet gaming.
Grand Casinos.
the betting brokers.
Affinity Interactive.
publicbet.
yorkbet.
Gambling Movies - If you are looking for amazing gambling-related movies you could always go for the classics like The Sting.
wishmaker.
Fixed Odds - Often used in sporting events and it means that the amount players can win is already set ahead of time so are predetermined. As opposed to video slots which are determined by a random number generator.
colombani chips.
neko games.
22bet senegal 🇸🇳.
22bet.
sper - the swedish gambling association  -spelbranschens riksorganisation.
Aggregate Limit - A casino is only liable to pay out a certain amount in a single round and this is called the aggregate limit. When this limit is reached, players may need to accept a reduced amount.
me gaming solutions.
lottostarlet ltd.
everyfan.
Hand - This is the cards a player holds and intends to use to make a good combination . It can also be used to describe the play between each souffle of the cards.
bandar togel terpercaya | agen togel online | togel online.
All or Nothing - A bingo term which refers to a ticket that pays out if all selected numbers are drawn or if none of the picked numbers are drawn.
gobet.
betzest.com.
spieldev.
Theoretical Hold Percentage - This is the edge the bookmaker would have only if the odds guaranteed them a constant commission regardless of the outcome.
gamblerkey.
southeast88.
Paroli - This is a betting system that increases your bet every time you win.. When the term is used in French Roulette it is an order that tells the dealer to use the bet to press the win.
the galabet.
millionaire gaming hall.
Session - The amount of time spent playing a game.
Parlay - This is when winnings from the previous roll have been added to the current bet. To bet on two games or more with the intention of reinvesting the winnings for the first round on the next wager. In order for the parlay to win all sections must be correct.
priority entertainment sl.
gamzix.
Side Bet - A bet over and above the main bet.
primecraft games.
Ante - The initial bet that is staked by a player, usually in a poker game. This ensures a smooth game of poker as it means every player has placed their ante (mandatory stake).
Washing - When a player walks away from a table game making the movement as if they werewashing their hands to show they have not won anything.
globecas.
penka pro.
experiencefunding.ca.
Whale - This is an extreme high roller that can jeopardize a casino's business if they were to win big.
high limits vip, llc.
Straight-up - A player who bets on one team only.
Layoff Bet - When a player bets that a 7 will be rolled before the point.
sas apostas sociais.
sky bet italia.
lindar media.
bettingmetrics.
citybet.
.
salsa games.
interaction gaming.
above average poker services.
picking duck.
slot concepts, inc.
Jacobs Entertainment.
shadowbet.
best gambling.
oddscraft ab.
esportsbetting.com.
true flip group.
gamefuel.
football jackpot master.
parlay solutions.
veikkaus oy.
GAMSTOP - A self exclusion scheme that allows players to put themselves in control of their gambling habits. Players can put controls in place to restrict their online gambling activities and they will be prevented from using gambling websites and apps.
betcart.
Book - An establishment which accepts bets on the outcomes of sporting events.
evolution services sa.
Isle of Capri Casinos.
bragg gaming.
the props network.
rizk.com.
caerus risk solutions ltd.
gamble beast.
Gambling Manga - If you are a fan of both manga and gambling, you are in luck because there are some great gambling-related mangas out there. One of them is Outs and Usogui, just to name a few.
gaming analytics inc.
Famous Gamblers - Gambling has been a vital part of people's lives throughout history so it shouldn't surprise you that some famous people were gamblers like Emperor Claudius, King Henry the 8th or Claude Monet were gamblers themselves; and some of them were quite successful at gambling.
Add-on - This casino jargon term is used to describe the extra number of chips that players can purchase during a tournament which is done at a specified point in time.
mainbase.
betting insider.
alfaspin.
Getting Down - Another term for making a bet.
cajugo gaming bv.
Minimum Bet - The minimum amount that can be staked in a single round.
paris elysees club.
Hold - This is expressed as a percentage of money that has been bet and that the casino expects to keep at the end of the day.
gamecode.
de club global management.
applied digital media ltd.
casinomir ltd.
avento mt ltd.
gamingmalta.
D’Alembert System - Names after a French mathematician it is a strategy that is based on the idea that players double their bet when they lose to try and make up for some losses.
iosport.
Non-value Chip - This is a gaming chip that holds no value written on it. Instead, this is worked out by the amount of the buy-in and then divided by the number of chips.
mathematical consulting, llc.
Pay Table - This is a table of information which will tell you how the game works and how much you will win. A paytable will show you how much the symbols are worth and will explain the slot symbols to know how the game and features work. Our blog also explains different slot machine symbols in greater detail.
wunderpeople.
Bluff - A player who tries to represent that they have a sting hand to their opponents but may have a much weaker hand instead.
Bookmaker (Bookie) - An establishment where players can place bets on all forms of sporting events.
mediaedge oü.
bxg.
tiverton casino hotel.
pokerlion.
Cash Bonus - Money that is offered to a player as a result of a deposit, like a deposit match. These will come with terms and conditions attached.
melbet uganda.
spokane tribe casino.
B.B. (Big Blind) - A forced bet from a player that is sitting two to the left of the dealer.
carbon black advisory.
predictorbet.
cashmio online casino.
Bonus Round - Typically found in video slots and is a bonus game won by the player to give them a better chance of winning. Special symbols will trigger a bonus game and sometimes they can also be triggered randomly.
mir entertainment.
melterrea game art studio.
Hollywood Casino Corp.
Grease - Another term for bribe.
women in gaming australasia (wga).
yakocasino.
the daily fantasy football company.
playzido.
strategem technologies.
wish me luck ltd.
pariwager.
fortuna gaming ltd.
Gambler's Fallacy - An event that is less likely to happen in the future that has already happened in the past.
