That thing would survive in a tsunami debris field about as long as an egg will last with a ship dropped on it! But there is a sucker born every minute!
The President is a violent psychotic.  Anyone with a functioning brain should be able to see by now that he is profoundly mentally ill.
Deport her now.
the WHORE of BABYLON is really a WHORE.
This is old news. Dodge is a  tiresome bore. He seems to want to crave the spotlight even though he stepped down as Governor of the Bank of Canada more than a decade ago. He's basically useless. I asked him if Canada shouldn't adopt an owner-occupied housing component based on a net acquisitions approach, similar to what has been proposed by Eurostat when he gave the Purvis Lecture at an annual CEA meeting. He was obviously completely ignorant  about their plans. He told me that the EU left homeownership costs out of their HICP altogether which was more or less true. He cut me off when I tried to tell him what they were planning to do. He's rude as well as clueless.
Libby Davies and Count Iggy.  How pathetic.  This means the name of the order should be changed to Order of Scum sucking Socialists.  If you can give away taxpayers' money then you qualify.
1st they said the would hit the PFE so they wouldn't have to tax us, know they take the PFD and want to tax us. Total BS, just like the past election when they said they were retiring bonds so the new ones wouldn't cost us anything. And the dumb a$$ voters fell for it. Is our property taxes staying the same? NO they are going UP. Why not propose a sales tax instead of an income tax? That way everyone pays the same percentage on what they buy. Not just the working people. Alaska was gotten so f'd up over the past 10 years I cannot get out fast enough. The low life welfare, live in the middle of nowhere to get subsidized, live on the backs of the working people have ruined a wonderful place. It is simply just a sh-t hole, welfare, snowflake state.
I like looking at McConnell's face in the pic. The face of ineptitude, of hackdom, of the impoverished Trump tenure (however brief).
Aww, I hurt your little feelings with the Hillary remark. Well, your hero is going to prison. Does that make sense? Asshole.
Alaska Republicans, stay outta this. Ya'll don't want us brown and black folks, we'll be here forever. Can't stop us from propagating..LOL.
aa the usual left wing attack of stupidity is on full speed!,, what is extreme is the left wing crying that wont stop.
Be careful what you say. God is a powerful and vengeful God. Those who mock him are cursed to live with the feral.
So burning a black church will get people to vote for Trump?
She's a fucking holocaust denier, you can play that bullshit "I wouldn't be here without her" card if you want but it's as much bullshit as her current political leanings.   Trolling only happens when people are paying attention,  screaming moronic shit so people will pay attention is not trolling, it's being a fucking idiot.  Seriously Amy?  You have only been gone for a month or two?
Well, the love you request will not evolve from a Hillary Presidency. What ignorance! "US Has killed more than 20 million people in 37 " Victim Nations" since World War II," www.globalresearch.ca Nov. 2015. $38 billion to Apartheid ISRAEL for weapons to be used against PALESTINIANS, CHRISTIAN and Muslim, is immoral! There is only one candidate for Peace & Love, Green Party Jill Stein. Jill2016.org according to Green Party VP Ajamu Baraka, " OBAMA has been a moral disaster" "one of the worst things that has happened to African-AMERICAN people's because black issues have moved more to the right and the president hasn't been keen on seeking justice for wronged blacks". Hillary hasn't even visited Standing Rock where Indian Tribes and friends are making a stand for their water, their sacred sites. Hawaiians know that feeling. Hillary represents corporations, banks that could care less about people and the environment. Trump is totally repulsive. Johnson, Libiterian, unaware.
My problem with what you said is that proving that the stop was for "driving while black" or "driving while latino" is impossible to prove. Thus, saying that the person so stopped should sue is futile, since the suit would go nowhere, and merely cost the person money.
Obviously, Jesus preached war.  It's right there throughout the gospel.  Fight, Kill, Destroy.  He often preached just that.
WTF !! My energy bill is higher in order to divert revenue to PCE?! I have a well and a septic system that is 100% my responsibility! I'm f'ing pissed!! I thought that program was funded with federal appropriations? Next time some rural complainer says anything about the cost of gas or electricity I'm going to lose it.
Please define the term you use repeatedly in your posts, i.e., "Cheeto Jesus".  Is this someone of your personal acquaintance, or are you just a bitter and ignorant bigot?
WOW!    Second lowest since SATELLITES started measuring.  What is that 50 years?  Idiots.
I think you mean "idiot".
Exactly.  The Trump hypocrites are all up in arms, accusing Rice of lying when they knowingly voted a pathological liar into the Oval Office.  None of them have any credibility or integrity.  What a joke.
Oh yeah were only doing it for 200,000 some asshole posted that we wanted 2,000,000.
What absolute nonsense - Trump has absolutely no respect for anyone but himself and his ghastly family - and a few billionaires thrown into the mix. Interest rates at all time lows - time to invest in infrastructure (not dumb Mexican walls!).  Trump will do his best to destroy the environment in as short a times as possible. Your children will have a throughly brutish and short life if we are duped by the likes of Harpo again!
I would like to take Robin Brena's argument one step further and say that "all the oil belongs to the state of Alaska" and we should have an arrangement with the oil companies that recognizes our ownership by giving them a cut of 20% of all the oil they produce on "our land" while we keep 80% for ourselves. Instead, as Robin so deftly pointed out, the arrangement is exactly the opposite of what it should be; the oil companies are giving us a "small cut" of our oil and keeping the rest for themselves. It makes us look "PRETTY STUPID" and that stupidity is not lost on the oil companies. We are basically GUARANTEEING the oil companies survival while at the same GUARANTEEING our bankruptcy. Now that is REALLY STUPID!
Our mindless adherence to the obsolete Electoral College, for example, has allowed a mentally unstable charlatan with roughly 3 million fewer votes than his competitor to take the highest office in the land. Westlope beat me to the punch! Is this article about HPD or about your personal issues.What does the President of the USA and the Electoral College have to do with HPD?Also, when did you go from being a professor to being a psychiatrist!How dare you call anyone,especially our President,a mentally unstable charlatan!I can't believe CB allowed you to make that statement in this column.They ask if our comments are civil before posting it,I would have rated this article as "NO" because of your inept diagnosis of our President! I believe in investigative reporting,and not scandalous fake news!You believed in the Electoral College when our former Presidents were elected! You are one of those liberal Professors who turn our children into cupcakes!Stick to the subject of your Headline!
Please ignore diverdave, she is uninformed. Not all of us who support TMT push racism like she does. Obviously she is angry, hates all Polynesians and trying desperately to stir the pot under some cowardly troll username. Imua TMT.
They woke William a couple of days ago, he is under restraint, as he wants to get out of there. He's having a hard time, does not recognize some of the people he's known for a long time, and is ready to argue the point, that they are not who they say they are.....I've seen one photo of him, that was taken only for me....Hurts to see my son like that....The "passenger" who couldn't get anyone to give him a ride 2 miles up O'Malley to his house, and tell his girlfriend about the carnage, is all beat up too, and is wondering why the Drunk was only charged with one assault, when not only was he in the truck along with William, he had been beat to shit too, and has broken ribs etc....
I'm sorry but I don't want to feed NK.  I want them to starve until they are willing to take on their insane leader.
Fuck you.
Jack, politics make hypocrites out of all of us. I am not ashamed to be one when discussing politics. Of course I am a hypocrite. And so are you for responding. Its a dirty business and anyone,,,,you and me get covered with feces for writing on it, discussing and taking sides on it. Hell, Jack...its cold out there, time of all hypocrites to stay indoor and brood about how nasty we are!!!
I can't believe I ever watched Morning Joe. Other than Willie Geist, biggest bunch of idiots ever assembled in one room. And just when you think the stupidity quotient can go no lower, they bring in "reverend" Al. Haven't watched for a few months now....and I feel SO much better.
Your attempt to smear Christianity by comparing it to radical Islam is duly noted.  Your illogic could be applied to secularists and Buddhists as well.
Republicans are hypocrites when it comes to debt.  Bad for Obama but good for Trump.
That's because you are a blind ignorant fool who is incapable of grasping simple facts. I have given you several examples of how they discriminate against 98% of our local small business community, and yet that fact confuses the dickens out of you.  I have explained in detail how they strip vendors of our rights to partake in ALL legal commerce we paid our government for the right to freely partake of. You are incapable of grasping this simple fact no matter how many times it is explained to you.
Wouldn't it be nice if we had a government that did it's fucking job instead of, play acting all day every day for the 1/3rd of a year they bother going to work? What a waste of money.
Agree - more WaPo garbage.
And joemoore says "I'll say anything for my gun-hater agenda, regardless of its stupidity".
Because he doesn't enjoy killing people.
Dirty cops are all day, every day. Take 'em to the cleaners. Go ACLU!
It crushes initiative of those who actually work.  The PFD is welfare attracting Pilgrim-type scum.
The real losers are those with disabilities or who lack skills training. Employers simply won't be able to afford those wages for anyone less than fully skilled and capable for their roles.
Right on Right outrage. Bolling's son sounds like he was a piece of shit (apple doesn't fall far from the tree).
I was harassed physically and mentally by a senior employee for years. When I complained to management nothing happened. I was unable to find a government agency that would do something. It would be nice to know who to go to with these complaints. BTW the day after this person retired, throughout the entire shop there was an audible sigh of relief. The memory of this bastard still haunts me...
Garbage. Clinton was not widely supported at all, which is why she lost. Those who voted for her did so because she was the only alternative to Trump on offer. The rest of your post is equally devoid of fact. I've got to conclude that you're a bot, because a functioning human being wouldn't spray this kind of drivel in defense of the indefensible.
Great quote from Scott Adams (Dilbert creator): "Trump wasn’t running for Pope. He never claimed moral authority. His proposition has been that he’s an asshole (essentially), but we need an asshole to fight ISIS, ignore lobbyists, and beat up Congress. Does it change anything to have confirmation that he is exactly what you thought he was?".
Hillary Clinton is pure unadulterated EVIL!
Bravo Trudeau and Liberals.  Keep doing stupid things like that and we will get rid of you quickly.
Unfortunately he is not a gift to any one else he is a constant source of annoyance. He even traded in the ability to make love to his much smarter wife for the ability to grow hair. Got to love the drug world and morons that play the game.
When your parents told you they meant to have you was the most stupid thing.  But seriously, any politician who advocates needlessly creating a wasteful and unaccountable new government agency which was predicted to become the disaster HART has become shows how unfit Djou is for any public office.  HART never had to be created.  These bureaucrats used to work in the Rail Division of the City's Dept. of Transportation Services, where the City Council and the Mayor would be responsible for the budget and for any screw ups.  Now, thanks to Djou, the politicians get to blame the faceless HART agency while pretending to be blameless.
Who do we thank for your stupidity?  Your parents?
So let me get this right.  It will be still OK for me to slag Catholics, Jews, Hindus and Seventh-day Adventists – but Islam  is right out.
This whole debate is completely hypocritical. As long as the crucifix hangs in the National Assembly, Quebec society cannot pretend to be secular.
The freaking pathological narcissists are to be found among the hateful lyers and frauds that that work in the main stream networks that "report" the news. Why can't sane people see this.
Little nerd.
Time for the crazy people of Alaska to get even more stir crazy and angry with cabin fever.
People are defending freedom of speech and a person's right but you don't know what's in a person mind or heart. So you really can't defend their right to bring that flag to school without knowing why they did it. It just so happens to be black history month and we could assume that it is directed at that, but then why use a symbol used to denigrate black Americans. If you have the right to be proud white americans, shouldn't you respect the rights of blacks, jews, Hispanics and native Americans to be proud of their heritage too, without waving a flag that says "you're inferior to me because I'm white".
Bryan unleashed the Phaneuf Plague on the nation's capital.  It's more than a bit repugnant that he's now receiving an honour.
The face of evil ... Republicans, pull the thumb on your horrible voting records.  The amount of Forever Wars of Choice, debt, and destruction to life on this planet is truly SICK.  You consider yourselves Christians??!!  Far from it ...
Yeah, read your stupid comment.
I guess it is a dilemma for some. Which takes priority: the safety of children or the seal of confession. If the Australian Bishops are looking for clarity on this issue, I seriously doubt that it will come from Pope Francis or the Vatican. More than likely they will kick the can down the road and fail to answer that question or answer it in such ambiguous fashion that nothing will be any clearer. I seem to remember Irish Bishops asking for clarity with regard to aspects of how to deal with sex abuse in Ireland. After receiving no answer from the Vatican, the Bishops were then held accountable by the Vatican for failure to act. It was a damned if you do and damned if you don't situation.
interesting.... As a Mandan female, I am always amazed at the number of angry, unstable, abusive men out here.
I suppose you're right. If it ends up being a Muslim who carried out the attack we can just call it muslim on muslim shooting. or Muslim Terrorist attack?
You were good up until homosexual and heterosexual behavior are equally natural.  IN addition to both having the potential for STDs, one has reproductive value, and the other is barren, purely self-gratifying.  Moreover, homosexual men have demonstrated in the ever increasing HIV and other STD epidemics that they are unable to control their sex acts relative to heterosexuals.  Male homosexual monogamy is an oxymoron.
This judge, as so many left wing nuts thinks he knows what's good for everyone. His antics are STUPID but he is getting a name for himself, an Obama flunky!
He was obviously using a figure of speech, but calling for him to resign over it is a sure sign of political bias out of control, as in really stupid. They should resign over being a jackass.
The ANC has deceived their own voters for long enough. They are the counter-revolutionaries here. Let Zuma come and call us Racists, we are not racists, we are South Africans and we have had enough of this Bullshit banana republic of Zupta. Zuma is a fool, who thinks he's still playing chess on Robben Island when in fact he's playing with the very lives of the voters who trusted him. Let the story of Zuma be a lesson to black people who vote for the ANC beacause it's the party that looks like them, next time I hope they would've learned to listen when we warn them not to vote for a criminal - 783 corruption charges - and a rapist. Hopefully the rapist Zuma has performed his final rape - that of our democracy.
"you're IQ is below 50"  . . .  doesn't say much for you and yours . . .
I agreed with you until the ignorant insults. Why not blame companies that make the decisions not to hire Canadians? Why not stop buying their stuff? Blaming Trudeau and the government is just stupid. They didn't make this situation - technogical capitalism did.
Being rich and privileged and crying about oppression is laughable.  The values that anthem espoused and the  men that have died , still die and sacrificed for it are devalued by a bunch of lazy selfish, spoiled athletes who don't even do their research. News media SEARCHES nationwide for stories of white cops killing blacks and in a nation of 320 million  you can find them. It is a rare occurrence however, Cops killed 1100 people nationwide in 2015. 300 were black. Twice as many black people are murdered in chicago every year by other civilians than are killed by cops nationwide.  There is no "epidemic" of cops killing blacks, more whites die every year by cops, and when you look at the FACT that blacks commit crime at much higher rates than any other group  you'd think the instances of cop shootings to be higher. Black males account for 6% of the population and commit 50% of the homicides . Let that sink in.
Trump can't help himself.  He has shown a history of not being able to restraint himself and goes off on these childish twitter rants.  While it gives him immediate satisfaction to the to the rest of the world he appears impulsive and foolish.
At first I was amused by your boneheadedness.  The question I KEEP asking is how well does your family get along?  You have no problem attacking the President's family.  I also asked do they work at the same job too. Since you didn't answer either time I will assume the answer is no.  But you keep pounding away in futility.  Then you attack my sexuality.  Waaa, waaa. Frankly I would love to talk about my sex life, but my gal won't let me.  I know you're counting on something (you little perv) but no, I'm not going to let you have it.  Further I'm tired of dealing with the "likes" of you, so shut up, go away, and leave me alone (w/my lover), and go find a dry towel and a dirty magazine.
What the bloody hell is "the Democratic resistance"?
Are there more lowlife scumbags in Anchorage or are they just changing location? Northern Lights shopping center is getting really bad. Most businesses are getting their own security guards.
Trump is a cynical liar.  He is a nightmare for America.
Respect is not a God given right, as far back as I can remember it had to be earned. Black men will never gain the respect of anyone until they learn to respect each other. 73% of all our black children are born out of wedlock in single parent homes. The black neighborhoods chicago and beyond are riddled with crime, drugs, gangs, prostitution, murder, blighted neighborhoods, domestic violence, no work and poor education. The number one cause of death of black men between the ages of 18 and 34 years is black on black HOMOCIDE!!!!!  How can they expect anyone to respect them when they in turn do not even respect each other. These millionaire football players are completely out of touch. If a police officer never killed another black person, there would not even be a little dent in their plight. The football players need to give back more than 60 seconds on their knees to their brothers. It will take generations of hard work, they need to be active in addressing the black problem.
So thats all that matters? That she is a woman? You are a sexual racist.
He's a bigot at least. Muslims aren't a race.
I'm Alt Left, I'm white and I'll do and support anything to get this crazy cracker president out of the white house so we can have an America for all Americans.
Ah, but he a vacuous hypocrite with a trust fund.
The poor Donald.  He is really losing it.  He used to have pretty snappy come backs and names for his detractors but it seems he is little more than a pussy cat now.  lol.
Selective stupidity.
Trudeau, his crew and his supporters are that dumb.....
Intentionally dressing like a slut to bait folks into calling you on it?  Great way to get people's support for your cause!  Would you want your child dressing like a tramp with his/her @$$ cheeks hanging out?  Set an example for the youth in our community.  Dress respectable if you want to get respect.  Dress like a tramp if you want to be treated like one.
Holy Crap? the people commenting on this? do you consider yourselves Americans? you sound like a Bunch of Traitors to me & should be Shot!
wait until one of the obomba kids is taking a dump, and some wack job comes in the bathroom and wants to get in her stall. maybe then he will wise up.
boy.  this guy is incredibly stupid.
"MY GUN MATTERS" - Bang Bang thug, you're dead!
another set of innocents lost to yet one more coward with a gun.
o hear are some used socks and some cookeis....now get off are property or we will call the police....ya we got millions of dollers but we are not giveing you eney of that money you crazy drunk bum....
Sharia law, FGM, child brides, murdering gays and apostates, etc. have no place in my Canada.
What a load of crap.
all of us Canadians fed up with the left wing stupidity that is destroying our country,, welcome TRUMP!
Did you feel the same way about Ted Nugent's invitation for Obama to suck his machine gun?
What's the next hrse's a-s incredible stupidity will we see?
We are so stupid to put up with this bullshit! Well, get used to it because Trudeau opened up pandora’s box, this is just the beginning. I suspect that this is happening allot more often, than reported by the news.
hey ignorant one, canada doesnt just print money,, its levels are based on holdings ..
And the next arrogant, self-entitled generation of ugly Americans rears its empty head.  You've made us proud, guys.  Not.
John Cornyn is a worthless POS and needs to resign from Congress.  He was bought and paid for years ago by the bankers and special interest groups.  He is an embarrassment to Dallas Texas and is wrong on virtually everything he says.
What the heck ?  Though I thought Sanders idea's were crazy , no one ever questioned his integrity .   It's stunning Sanders would now support the greatest open liar of all time.  Bill must have met him at another airport after giving Lynch her marching orders.
It's a good thing most people don't really care what Don Young thinks due to how incompetent and corrupt he is.
Yeah, but they're white. It's totally cool and okay to discriminate against white people. /s.
Why GOODNESS GRACIOUS...I didn't want any of you deplorable's worrying your poor little heads over my petty lil' case of life threatening pneumonia, so silly of me!
Trump is a despicable human being, incompetent in his job, a disgrace to America and what it stands for and needs to be removed.
Seriously...how embarrassing what this guy and the other character, Bill Wielechowski will do to get re-elected. You both failed and did nothing last session so now you want to give us more money in order to get re-elected. Keep my PFD and let's vote these incompetent fools out....
I wish they would also just walk out of America.  The seditious traitors that hate us all.
Let's thank Attorney General Chin for this!  Stupid political decisions have real consequences.  Watch the Feds drop kick the Honolulu Rail project next.
Gee, wasn't it Trump who drew arrention to the "stamina" issue in the first place by repeatedly ranting that Hillary didn't have enough stamina to be president, and claiming he does? Yep, that was him. Right wing nut talk shows - Fox etc. - made a big deal out of it too.  Clinton visited 110 countries as Secretary of State.  Trump visits 4 and he's so "exhausted" he can't think straight (like he ever can) and can't walk.   He just keeps making a complete and utter fool of himself.
Better get the stack of Bibles ready for another set of lies under oath!
Alternate Truth does hurt, when silly people believe it.
This guy was an idiot but not a traitor.  Those of you wishing to lynch him or suggest he is a traitor should examine a few historical facts. Former British soldiers and officers came over to the "Americans".  We gladly accepted them. Were they traitors? Many of the American revolutions officers were militia officers in the British Army, to include George Washington. Was he a traitor? How about the American Civil War?  No matter which side you supported, half of the country would be traitors from the perspective of the other half of the country. Was General Lee a traitor?Senator McCain should rethink his comments about Sergeant Bergdahl. He will end up with a dishonorable discharge and pay for his stupidity many times over throughout his life.
Only an idiot needs a village.
Both of you are a disgrace! Especially Lisa murkowski- she is on a republican card but she has sided with obama more often than not, & she supported Obamacare- which is a flopping failure and completely unaffordable 😡😡😡 . Lisa is a cancer in our system and should be expelled with the rest of the currupt sewer scum in Washington !
It's because much of the country's citizens are helpless morons, i.e. democrat snowflakes.
Harper/Trump bootlicker SaySomething is grossly ignorant and irrelevant all of the time. (If France elects Marine Le Pen it will be barbaric. You support her. ).
Hillary Clinton is unfit for office.    The FBI report said as much.   She couldn't even handle being Secretary of State  she is UNTTERLY INCOMPETENT.
I see you're a Trump supporter.  Racists Nazi.  The kneeling is a protest to Trump and the KKK owner of Texas and not to the military and flag, get with the program.
America is F#$%ed.  I am afraid for us all.
If they want to kill themselves, then let them.  Then we don't have to pay money to feed and house more trash.
Another opportunity for Air Canada to treat its clients like cr*p.
The porky little dictator and Trump have a lot in common - over-the-top rhetoric being number one.
If he doesn't post racist stuff, he'll lose his minions. You know, Nazis, white supremacists, bigots, misogynists et al..
No boy, it is you who need to lighten up.  We do not live in Orwells Oceania.  Pretty pathetic any business would do this considering her face wasn't clear.  Must be the Russian influence.  They will learn.
oh bs loser , the president has authorities given to him via the democratic process under us law, man you ignorant haters love living in stupidity.
Serafim Saovskii, your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
Get the F' out of here with that second hand bullsiht.
I'm wrong?  Just because you cannot understand something, doesn't mean it is "wrong".  It means you are incapable.  These days, every scared puppy with a keyboard can have an uninformed opinion.  Congratulations keyboard warrior, hope you enjoy your koolaid.
Raingull you forgot to include the monkey's in Juneau that keep screwing with the oil companies.
and the stupidity of the hate left wingers never ends. ,, fascist? please you are clueless bud clueless, trump is the leader of a system that must pass in a democracy his ideas, the congress has the net power not the president, god you idiots are dumb.
"The number of inmates in the state's eight low-security, privately run halfway houses has dropped by 300 people — nearly 40 percent — since 2013".  It's a power struggle between the DOC and GEO.  GEO has consistently set their own standard of which type of offender that they will, or will not house, and that standard is at odds with the ongoing needs of the DOC.  So the DOC has said "Fine, then we will cut your client base to below your operational costs".  "Show you who is really boss!"  I hope the DOC wins this pissing match, as GEO is an evil parasite.
your delusional! , and clearly a lib troll,, wynne has acheived a scam, based on one-time sales of government assets valued at $1 billion, $2 billion from cap and trade which was never claimed to be used for this, so much for investing in clean anything, $1.5 billion in federal “Trudeau trust fund” cash and by counting $500 million in pension assets as revenue, an accounting trick rejected by Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk.  there remains a structural 5 bill deficit that they will have next year,, save the propaganda lib, we laugh at pathetic sheep like you.
She is more like a fountain, spewing ugly and mean.
No one wants Hillary around when they're running for political office....cause it's the kiss of death.
Everything you've contributed has been negated by the fact that you're an utter cretin. You should be serving life in prison for your negative contribution to society.
Mr. Kidd, next time someone calls you a "racist" ask them to first define the term before responding. That will stymie them because they think the worst thing in the world is to be a racist and everyone would automatically deny being one. And for many modern day simpletons who are incapable of squeezing an original thought out of their head denying you're a racist is proof you are. They expect you to scramble to prove you are not, which is what you did unfortunately. No matter what you say, if they think of you as a racist, they're going to do it. It has nothing to do with your beliefs and everything to do with their self righteousness and conformist personality. This childish, torch carrying, witch hunting mentality has truly become stupid and histrionic.
Been saying it for many years, It's time for Donny to go. He's an embarrassment. Why do you keep voting him in?
The article should be titled, Vile Trump and Clinton candidacy is chemotherapy for the GOP and the Democrat Party.  As bad as the Trumpster is, Hillary is even worse, unfortunately being intellectually honest is not a trait of people blinded by the political fervor. Most D's and R's accept a middle position on abortion, gun laws, protecting our borders, on taxes, terrorism, social security, religion, health care, equality, etc. By D's and R's I don't mean the politicians, I mean the average person in our country. I am not a whack job, extremists, racist, homophobe. I work 50 hours a week to provide for my family and have dreams for a safe and just world for my children & grandchildren.The status quo, fake outrage and hypocrisy in politics has screwed things up and divided our country more than ever before. Anyone who is not honest enough to admit this is part of the problem. Politicians and the media feed this division because they are either blind, corrupt or both.
Anyone who supports the liar, thief, immoral, SPE, HRC is as guilty as the immoral spawn of satan.
hey lib paid troll, hudak spoke the facts and truth while you lunatics lie and cheat, but as expected corrupt libs like you think that is all peachy for society.
BM & JT-two loons, a pair of liars.
Trump and the Republicans control the government. This 35% increase is on them. They failed to "repeal and replace". Trump is a liar and a fraud. He promises you the moon and fails to deliver.
I suspect the Republicans are not going to accomplish much of anything this year. It is not much different than the last four years under Obama except Trump is more of an idiot.
I will make him quit by the end of July. He's a crook.
It's time. With a city this large with no highway that connects yet bypasses the city so you don't have to stop is ridiculous.
none of you whined or cried when clinton/'bama spoke of taking control of our borders. more of soros's whores.
Jesus Christ I doubt if it would be possible for someone not born in the Dark Ages to understand less about science than you do. The odds of there being a "gay gene" are practically zero, likely there is no single factor that determines whether a person will be hetero or homosexual. Your silly assertion that people who don't believe homosexuality is a choice must believe in some here-to-for undiscovered "gay gene" is a classic straw man. As far as your god hypothesis goes there is as much evidence to support your belief in a supernatural being as there is santa clause the tooth fairy and the flying spaghetti monster. Im absolutely fed up with you wanna be iron age goat herders misrepresenting the scientific method. We tried it you way and we got the Dark Ages as a result. No thanks you can keep your silly book of fairy tales.
There's a Corrupt Bastards Club undercurrent going on here folks.  First the Republican majority gutted the Alaska Public Office Commission and now Gavel to Gavel.  Governor Walker, don't  be shy about restoring this money.  Tit for tat, every time these clowns propose a bad idea gut it.
You're a cartoon..".be an honest racist"...is so stupid.  Everything is racist, when none of this is actually racist.  The word is so meaningless when it is used for absolutely nothing.
Tom I must warn you that those who rally behind the propaganda being laid out by UN ambassador Nikki Haley are not only taking stupidity and foolishness to a new level, they just might be determining where they will end up spending the afterlife.
While we all wait, praying every time he opens his mouth that he doesn't say something really stupid.
Sorry MaryPat but that is not true.  I understand you were in grade school during that time so you really were not paying attention, so look at the Nebraska kickback and the Louisiana bribe, and the "we will know what is in it after it passes" with Google.  Your ignorance of history is disturbing.
Fuck the CETA, it only works in favour of the rich and does nothing for the people of Canada, just the politicians and those crooks, who will use it to get, more out of Canada, then we get out of them.  Look at NAFTA, what did we get from that... Nothing.
One and a quarter percent  increase over each of 3 years for Ontario doctors.  Cutbacks on special needs school children.  Yet $ 1 billion and counting for four liberal seats  -- e-health billions wasted, Orange, MARS, and the list goes on.  This woman is tone deaf and no friend of Ontario people.  Just another grubby, grasping pol.
Keaukaha is beyond help. He and klastri belong in an insane asylum and put in straitjackets so they can’t post insane comments.
I know what Canadian values are not: xenophobia, Islamophobia, homophobia, or any of the bigotry and hate currently being spewed by the right.
Don't like it you can leave d*ckhead. No one is forcing you to be here. I cant stand idiots like you. Idiota like you thibk Hick is going set Dunlap free. Tbats shows how stupid you truly are. If anything he will commute his sentence to life.which is harsher sentence then the death penalty but you republicans talk a big bad game but at the end of the day your bloodthirsty like actual killers. Get out of my state you redkneck.
I hope you are enjoying that liberal Kool Aid. It's amazing how stupid liberal voters are.
Bp. McElroy is awesome - and a tremendous loss to the San Francisco Archdiocese, where he served as Auxiliary. He speaks on these issues brilliantly, but he is equally brilliant when he speaks on prayer, clearly from his own experience. I had the privilege of meeting him a couple of times and he speaks out of his heart and mind, which are clearly conformed to the heart and mind of  Christ. We would be a very different church if there had been more like him instead of the pelvic-issue, culture warrior bishops who speak from their own ignorance and fear.
"Swamping" Siran? As in, anyone who disagrees with your perspective? Pathetic.
Basically, EVERYONE but white bigots denounce trump at this point.  He is a total joke and an embarrassment to America.
Trump is a joke because Trump is for Trump and his spoiled rich friends not the country.  He's just a deadbeat who has lost a lot of his daddy's money(his inheritance) in silly schemes.  Where's my Trump U degree?  Aced everything and where are my Trump Steaks to celebrate?
Shoot them with paint balls filled with reflective paint. Maybe won"t, work but the cost would be minimal compared to fencing and lights.
That's probably because Trump is a bigger threat to the nation's democracy and open elections.  If you don't like it, Bauer, do us all a favor and take your wrong-winger complaining elsewhere.  Your target should be Fox News or Limbaugh radio show.  Neither one cares what you think or feel.  All they care about is messing with your mind and then dumping you when they've had enough of your whining.
This civil comment crap is just that. Nothing I said was uncivil, it's just being run by thinned skinned liberal crybaby ADN regulars that can't stand the truth. ADN is a communist propaganda machine and nothing more.
Only fools want to confine our economy to the past and our planet to disaster.  Of course adjusting to climate change will be a challenge.  You never leave challenges to Reformers and Haters.  Press on.   We have work to do and the do-nothings will always be a drag on that.  But, such is life.
It is obvious that you are ignorant.  Rather that thinking for yourself and taking a critical look at the lack of accomplishments and ridiculous positions taken by Trump you latch on to Trump's repeated distractions, such as promoting an investigation of HRC.  I mean seriously?  You are a case of a simple distraction for your simple mind.
Our representatives are garbage human beings who no longer know what it means to work, never even mind know who they work for.
Send the telescope elsewhere.   And let them bleed.
He's a New Yorker, not afraid of conflict. Wilson's used to arguing with fools, that don't challenge her. Someone voted for her. That sick fool was elected.
Her poor daughter does not have a chance. She's being raised by a dunce. Hopefully she can some day rise above her mothers ignorance and low IQ.
Aw, Little Dickies balloon just popped. One more of his fantasy 'more likely's' turns out out be be rubbish, as usual. He and Bobo are the clown tag-team champs of @ADN.
Hey lava brain, are you aware that the Paris Accord is a non-binding agreement.  There are no consequences for not complying with the agreement.  In other words, it's an honor system.  In other words, a useless agreement.  Also, we would be required to give $3 bill to other countries like China and India who don't have to do anything for years.  The world is pissed because the stupid rich kid got smart.  You on the otherhand are stuck on stupid.
Democracy ruled and now the left loons  cry.
Yes, and much worse. But don't expect the gang of Trumpthugs and Traitors to own up to that. They're too busy destroying America and selling it for parts.
Now that's a damn lie.
At least Pence wouldn't ratchet up international tensions before he even assumed office. Truly Trump is a dangerous idiot.
You ought to get into proctology. Your opinions have gone from asinine to assinine.
Does Cataluna get drunk before she writes this drivel?
Trump is just plain delusional, or maniacal; probably both actually.
says a lefty loser of stupid, see pal, under harper we won and ran things great for years,, we need more of that and will soon enough when we kick the kid and the libs to the curb,, torys 43, libs 25 now federally..
Because he's an idiot who says things that don't make any sense and then contradicts himself.  Worst president ever.
Or....just KILL the entire FIASCO.
The idiot in chief is most at home when he's amongst other kids. He is a 71 year old with the mentality of a 10 year old at best.
He's a disgusting human being.  He deserves all of it.
So what's up Scott, I guess this thinly veiled threat of violence is cool too since its directed at a trans person and not a real human.
Trolls get so tiresome.  Boring, really.  And repetitive.
aaa poor lunatic lefty, cant refute with facts so this is all you can can come up with?? wow , and you wonder why you lunatics are proven wrong all the time!
America is back. Go cry into your granola, leftards!
This is one of those gross things human are capable of when abusing natural resources. Disgusting.
A one on one audition or job interview or private meeting in a hotel room or other private room where there is an imbalance of power such as teacher -student, or coach - player or director -actor , should be a criminal offence.  All you need is a camera outside the door in the hallway, and they're done.  The cost of film making, etc will go up, it's worth it, I'll pay more to see the stupid movie.
She's an absolute moron. Enjoy jail, and I hope her child survives to adulthood.
Here I was, thinking all along that nothing could out-silly our Prime Minister.  Then along comes this piece.
More from the lunatic left.
If He actually stands for all the things the Church has claimed He stands for during its history, He is not only fallible, He's a moron and deranged.  Take your pick, but I suspect the errors lie with the men who run the church.
Damn Yankees !
We need every doctor's pay to be published every year so that we all know what is going on, then we can all decide who is getting screwed.
Yes, it does. It means she likes her own comments. No different than voting for yourself.  But go on ahead with your stupid innuendos. It explains a lot.
Keep dreaming.  Trump Chumps like to make up alternative facts. Jennifer Rubin writes for the Washington Post, which is doing quite well.   The ADN merely carries her column as it does those of right wing idiots as well.
Andrew- You are an ignorant fool.
Plagiarism is not what happened, if anyone claims that it was, they are beyond stupid. A few sentences.. I guarantee ANY  sentence in a speech can be deemed plagiarized. Show me word for word the entire speech... You might get my attention. Two sentences in a 15 minute speech... Go jump in a lake.
Only a total idiot would vote for Clinton.
Although I believe there are numerous trolls, your analysis is right on.
aa the lunatic public sector leech post.
Rather than rant and rave about a non-existent 'Muslim ban', perhaps people should be questioning why so many predominantly Muslim countries are failed states harboring terrorists.
Still fixated on Mrs. Clinton?  Pathetic.
Sure only the fit should survive kill the rest of the useless eaters right?
We the people of Ontario have failed ourselves and future generations when we elected the most incompetent politicians in Canadian history. We failed to see the complete folly of the Green Energy Act. We failed see the corruption. We failed see that their reckless spending is about to bankrupt us. We failed to see that social engineering merely masks our true problems driving industry away at break neck speed. Sorry Canada for our stupidity.
As a white male, I say speak for yourself, thank-you very much.  I feel no shame in my gender, race or sexuality, and I don't expect anyone else should, either.  As such, I appreciate a new environment where my particular qualities of birth provide me with fewer baseless advantages.  It seems to me you bemoan the loss of said advantages, but attempt to hide it in a cloak of woe-is-me.  Pathetic.
OMG, RTH, you're a certifiable idiot.   But I love watching you Fox News lapdogs running around with your hair on fire.  Fox has got you MAGAphants so riled up and manipulated, I'm surprised you find any time in the day to do anything but hate.
The working class is revolting.
I guess you missed the still net loss of 250,000 industry jobs gone from Ontario under liberals, I guess you missed that the unemployment rate went UP in this report, I guess you missed the record debt, the complete flat economy in Ontario!,,,, Ontario is stuck with plenty of idiots , they are called LIBERALS.
Stupid solution.More undesirable kids from broken families,single mothers,teenage girls add more criminals.
Rabid atheist? Keep on believing in that magic man in the sky, moron.
Trump s(h)its on his golden throne issuing ignorant tweets and the world's stomach turns.
Arrogant gringos stole Alaska from Mexico! Abajo a los Gringos gordos! Vive el Abogado del Pueblo! Vive Taco Bell!
Like defending thugs grabbing cops guns, we keep defending a breed that is not meant to roam around.. stupid is as stupid does. The owners should have to pay for all medical bills and restitution for the victim and 2nd victim, the cop.
[Cue the usual pack of dithering fools.].
I'm still surprised by people who explain the world by declaring others stupid.  Obviously you grew up in a home that pre-dated understanding what's at stake, how daycare can rescue the neediest children, and the enormous benefits from helping moms get to to work by caring for their children, let alone the enormous financial savings to society.
Grabbing someone by p---y is sexual assault. Bragging about such behavior is disgusting and reprehensible. Those are not the traits of a commander in chief. This scumbag is going to make America great again? Yeah, right.
OMGod! What freakin' proof of Russian hacking? There was NO HACK---it was a LEAK---BIG DIFFERENCE AND it came from a DNC employee named Seth Rich! And of course McCrazy, who has been poking the bear for years, is all on board! Russia is going to nuke us...geesh!
Peggy Sue you are so naive and uninformed. This guy killed 2 state troopers. He will be a HERO in prison. He will get a certain amount of (undeserved) respect from all of the inmates. A knife around his throat you say? He will get high fives and pats on the back every day for the rest of his life. Contrary to what you may think, he will be protected by the ranking inmates. Why would you think inmates will try to kill him, they hate cops! His only detractors will be the correctional officers who will no doubt treat him with disdain and will try to make sure he doesnt get to comfortable. Personally I think he should be publicly executed by firing squad.
BINGO! Since when is it illegal to talk to a Russian anyway? What a bunch of pathetic sore-losers suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome. It's actually kind of sad to watch the collective meltdown.
Your ideas about how people learn are rather muddled. At best, people are exposed to history via monuments and perhaps they might read a book or study a historical event or period in school. There is no 'great purge' going on and as for book burnings, the Nazis were very acquainted with that silly practice. It's Donald Trump and a violent minority that are attempting to re-write history--white-washing Nazism, playing the victim while at the same time they attack and kill Americans. Turns out the supporters of Donald Trump are the terrorists and Donald is their defender. Donald thinks he can "grab America by the pussy" because he's a billionaire but he's just a racist scumbag and a fascist. America would be relieved of a vile disease if he had a myocardial infarction and if his followers could be deported.
CMD too. The handful of cranky's who prefer to pick fights than carry on a civil conversation is around 5-6. Muting is a good idea as it doesn't matter what you say, they're sickening sociopaths with God on their side.
bs loser, the ndp and  fed libs are continuing to kill off alberta , under torys it was a boom.
All commercial fisherman are dummies destroying ALL fisheries; maybe get a real job. The indians are the worst!
this is news? who gives a crap.
I think Jr. lies like his father.............just not as well.  In fact he's a really poor liar; he lies, then "corrects" his lie with another lie;  gets caught in that one and then tells another lie to correct the lie which he told to correct the lie.  Yes, indeed, that web of deceit gets really messy.  Consequences?  Good question.  We'll have to wait and see.  regards, Gary crum.
There you go "thinking" again.  You always say stupid things when you think.
Greetings.....It's more of the same conquer//divide agenda of the Trumpish elite!    Big TAX Break for the 700 richest families in the USA! On the backs of the poor....elderly and marginalized!  Paul Ryan and his Randian cult have finally shown their true colors....So disgusting!
What else would one expect from an incompetent, corrupt party.
The truth.......You mean like "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor?  Or another favorite, "if you like your insurance you can keep your insurance"   lol   How soon they forget, the biggest liar just left office.
You might not think so, but the rest of the world knows what a cancer your religion is on humanity. It's violent, and extremist views toward non Muslims is one of the factors driving populist movements worldwide, and was also a major catalyst for Brexit, and the appeal of the Trumpster's anti Muslim rhetoric to the masses.
And you know that why? Please explain. Stop making such silly and uninformed statements. Ridiculous.
Ok... blah blah... the Constitution is obsolete... if that is the case, then shut your hole and get back to work. You have no right to speak freely either.
Now you're going to get five years for escape and you are not going to serve it at Waiawa. What an idiot.
What a distortion of St. Catherine's quote.  If this writer truly believes that this wonderful Saint had sexually active homosexuals in mind, then he is truly delusional.  I'm SURE she was not referring to sexually active homosexuals.  It goes to show how liberals/progressives will so distort a great Saint's quotation JUST to justify their sinful behavior.  I'm sure adulterers could say "I'm being who I was created to be".   Sick!  I'm sure Holy Father Francis would agree with me!
You have no idea what prison is like. Its easy to keep your nose clean when your in a medium or minimum prison like Lima was in and at a place like Limon its like a war country. Find people like you that comment with out knowing the conditions to be jerks.
No dear, that's you. The right is known for having elevated spin to an art form.  The left just speaks in regular words, easily understandable to anyone with a basic education.  Oh wait, I see why you don't understand the plain meaning of words. It's a combination of stupid coupled with an inability to think as a result of listening to right-wing-nut propaganda constantly telling you to disbelieve the plain meaning of what you see, hear and read.  You know, when Trump says or writes something that is incredibly idiotic, rude, incorrect, etc. and then the news reports it, followed by his spin doctors coming out and "explaining" that he really didn't say what he said, or didn't mean what he clearly meant, etc.  Tell me, if your kids tried that crap on you, would you fall for it hook, line and sinker the way you do with Trump? What kind of a parent would point to a narcissistic, greedy, morally bankrupt, cheating pathological liar and megalomaniac as an example for their kids?
Just plain bad losers.
I don't follow sports, but I think you have to be really stupid to make political statements when you're a performer of some kind.  Johnny Carson was smart enough to be an equal opportunity jokester.   He didn't want to alienate half of his audience by talking about his own views.
I bet there will a few awkward moments the next time the GG meets with the FN and the FN start in about Turtle Island.  Will that be the time "someone called out the religious bias and stupidity in politics and society"?
Him and his family and his administration and his appointees. All of them a sick bunch.
Told you murder suicide lovers quarrel.
Actually its one of the dumbest and most irrelevant.  It reminds me of most of your posts. And of course your ever stated position of getting rid of all firearms that aren't single shots.
This is what happens when The Left controls your "education" systems for a few decades. We're minting morons by the millions... With Scum like Bill Ayers designing the cirriculums and Howard Zinn writing the textbooks, WTF else would you expect??? Until we get that fixed we're just pissing in the wind, and the damage already done may well be too great to repair.
You should stop switching accounts and posting like an idiot.
Maximizing economic growth requires a work force obedient, compliant, submissive, and of course, complacent. That means the more dumbed down the better. Daydreaming of dream houses and dream vacations together with the fog of endless wars puts folks to spiritual sleep. War meanwhile is an attractive distraction from daily fears of joblessness, homelessness, and climate change, especially when a buffoon like Trump makes it sound like big-time fun.
What a double standard. Trump's entire career was built on a con.  The racism, ties to the mob, the money laundering, sex trafficking (Trump model agency), bankrupting small contractors by not paying them, serial infidelity, sexual abuse (why didn't Ivanna, Marla, Melania, and Ivanka speak up?--we all know that it's true).  Not to mention the constant rumors that his lawyer, Cohen, arranged at least 12 abortions and forced the victims to to sign non-disclosure agreements.  I find it fascinating that white wing men expected Hilary Clinton, the real victim of her husband's dalliances, to speak up in support of the women who slept with her husband.
Communists and left-wing thugs have no place in modern society. None.
The out of state students have MORE Money than BRAINS.............Uncle Phil wins again............
Ignorance and bigotry is the greatest threat in the world.  Terrorists of any stripe, islamic jihadists, christian inquisators, communists, facists, they all  gain power through ignorance and bigotry.
Ching chong - Shut the hell up you globalist piece of excrement.
McLame, if your bone head wasn't full of bad brains, you'd know that the dossier that you gave to the FBI makes you the biggest sack of flaming dog s**t in the free world.   Funny that it will take a malignant tumor to remove a malignant tumor from the Senate.
Some day atheists will provide evidence that their 'no-god' doesn't exist. Until then, it just seems like another "mentally ill" club with "insane premises" to me.
they are both screwed up.  Just ignore racists. And while you're at it get rid of the Electoral college because Trump shouldn't even be in office he lost the popular vote by three million.  That's a bunch of crap.  If Clinton had won like that my god you people who have lost it.  And you hypocrites would never shut up about it.  At least the left isn't bringing that up constantly which is EXACTLY what you right wingers would doing.
I guess when he answered that climate change was a myth. The reporter naturally assumed he was dealing with an idiot. So sure Santa Claus, Easter bunny, all of that's good. Tooth fairy?
Council members must not have anything better to do than to mandate something like this.  What next?  Passing a bill banning smoking in home when kids are present?  What a joke...bunch of losers.
hahahahaa ... you racist PIG Republicans are at least predictable.  You really should change your mascot/symbol ... CHEETOLINI HAS AND ALWAYS WILL GET BY ON HIS FATHER'S MILLIONS GIVEN TO HIM ... along with all the monies he STOLE LIED ABOUT AND CHEATED HIS CREDITORS OVER THE DECADES.  THE LAWSUITS ARE BEING SETTLED AND CONTINUE TO BE PAID OUT ...
Most certainly " covfefe "  means the MSM, Trump haters and the defeated sore loser Clinton liberals are stark raving lunatics,  crazy as bat****  and I don't need a spell checker or dictionary to help me with the translation.  Symptoms of liberal media insanity indeed.
Communication security is only for the "little people" and losers.
My favorite is the piece done on two women that said Trump harassed them. The reporter made up a whole bunch of things that the women said they never did say. The NY Times is the slim of so called reporting. There are no respectful news outlets left in this country. They get a story and add all their own views and not telling the real stuff. The news these days is just a hunk of crap. Except when the Post says the Bronco's are gong down the toilet.
Israel will also be protected by Canada if the General Assembly is foolish enough to put another U.S. toady on the Security Council.
Today's GOP is little more than a white identity death cult. They are motivated by fear, hate, and resentment. During the Obama administration they made it very clear that they don't want a multicultural multi-ethnic America and equal rights for all. They miss the good old days when lynching black folks was family entertainment for white people. They miss the days when white men could get away with murdering black people while they prayed in church. They welcome endorsements from Klansmen and neo-nazis.  Not all Republicans are racists and bigots. How ever they are all willing to share the GOP with them. They have no desire for a merit based society.  Mere equality is a demotion for them.
So many comments on a single article is a sure sign of a crazy person.
Your Canada is a desperately conformist, dull place.
why cant Outa or Afriforum help this man? these anc zupta criminalscum has all the best legal resources paid for by my tax rands but these honest civil servants must swim alone, come on NGO's we need to stand together against the scumbags.
Find the beast human that killed this Good Man! Can no one walk or bike the streets of Anchorage? RIP, Mr. Ballot. You will not be forgotten.
We Jews will not put up with Muslim atrocities any longer, there will be no forgiveness anymore until this scourge of death will end for Israels sake.
Now I get it! They really didn't want “roses”! That's why all those dates ended so badly! OK....then why did they ask for “roses”? They didn't ask for “moneys” either. What did they want? Women are evil.
While my educator wife is constantly denigrated by the other side? No way am I passing up the chance to rub their noses in it. Suck it, Bubba. I got your culture war right here.
Oh, yes, Tom Doyle and NCR have kept up a perpetual wall of silence!  You are a petulant git.
The orange coloured clown can't rest a day without creating some kind of crisis. So much for bringing children here for a good education and sending them back to country they know nothing about.
But that gives "clueless moron" a bad reputation. Charlie is far worse; he's crooked (and proud of it).
Plus she stank badly too.
In the history of the world has a bigger fool than Trump ever been in such a significant position of power?
You should be ashamed of yourself for making such an ugly and disgusting comment.
the view of ignorant brain washed cult koolaid drinkers like YOU and those on the left generally , the world is coming to an end, the sky is falling, all wealth is evil, thus trying to ssabotage society to become a society of dictators from the left,, nothing matters but thier power and fantasies,, thays why they are out whining in this march as usual,, always demanding more taxes, more control, , the real enemy and evil of our generation , the left!,, its comical that so many claim to be all about helping people and society when what they want is to dictate it all 100% with no freedom ,, its so obvious!
Yeah, missed your chance to be a hero with your gun. Is that what you think about when you conceal carry? You're as scary as that guy with the knife. smh.
EQ, the quotient used by morons who can't do math.
in light of recent events, in the best interests of the community, and for the safety of our children, anchorage officials are currently in the developing stages of designing a "shootin' park" in an attempt to centralize senseless acts of violence. according to one official, who chose to remain anonymous, "we have dog parks. we have sports complexes.  we have large open fields that accommodate all sorts of recreation.  but i ask- where are our hillbillies to go?  our troubled youth?  our wannabe-thug gun-totin' pants saggin' poor english speakin' brethren?  i ask, should they too have a place to recreate? to beat each other, shoot and otherwise maim their foes?  the answer is unequivocally 'yes!' which is why plans are underway to create anchorage's first shootin' park- a place where local morons can do their deeds in the daytime, unencumbered by children's birthday parties, soccer practices and larper tournaments. a place where like-minded imbeciles can kill each other in peace".
This is priceless. Absolutely priceless. I am so delighted that Scott Reid does not normalize Drumpf one iota nor does he humanize Scarmouth in the slightest.  Both are idiots and both will come to an ignominious end.  Once that happens, America will be great again.
lol! Yet you love your childish orange pig leader who answers to the Kremlin.
Disgusting apology for a disgusting President.
I don't understand United. If they are going to bump overbooked passengers why do they let them through the gate? As for the four crew members, why didn't they require them to board first? As it is they made themselves look like insane NAZI's to everyone in the world, they wound up refunding all the fares for the entire flight, and they face a huge lawsuit from an MD who had to get back to his patients. Is this a professional organization? Does our current administration want the FAA to deregulate these mouth-breathers? Why don't we have fast cross-country rail? Is our nation suddenly stupid, or has it become stupid slowly, by stealth? Normal people want to know.
So are you. It is called freedom. Love it or leave it is old and never made any sense anyway. Just a stooooopid quip to put down people who don't agree with a life of pre-meditated war. We need less citizens who feel privileged and less men who want to play with big, dangerous, lethal TOYS. And we would be better off with a woman president............. thank God Hillary wasn't the first FEMALE.....ruthless. Bye Bye!
Dumb luck, winning all these games in extras.  Distorts their record, now 7-5-8 since Julien in reg, winning 7 of those 8 that went extras, 3-on-3.
Toyota ha slipped over the last few years and my next new car is not a slam dunk for toyota but it will not be GM. I don't care what this article says. GM is crap although not as bad as Chrysler Fiat. GM's surge just shows there are lots of dumb shoppers in Canada. Like this rodeo clown. Riding bulls is not a sport, it's just plain dumb. Intelligent people (there are still some in canada) will not buy anything from detroit.
Awesome, Colorado was already filthy with super fakey surface level 'christians', now were even more so ... GO HOME!!
Rubbish, Gary, just an hour and half of posturing stooges more than a little prepared to put party before people.
Of course the other side of this are the resident homeowners who get in line to sell at the highest price to the evil immigrants. After all the price increases wouldn't happen if the seller didn't demand them.
YOU calling Barack Obama a "clown" is rich!
Unions are useless in a workplace bullying scenario.  Union officials aren't going to see through a slick, psychopathic manager (male OR female) any better than HR and/or upper management.
It's amazing with all the people being thrown in prison in the police state we live in that a lady like this isn't behind bars. Everything else in this country is illegal...smoking weed, doing crack, collecting rain water, drinking raw milk, doing anything without a permit ...but being a racist cunt is still all good. 'Merica.
Errr...I meant conservatives killing and now Christians.
It's a sad state of affairs that one illegitimate president/prior game show host and a similarly awful and complicit GOP have done so much damage that many Americans have legitimate concerns about the future of democracy.
cmon you think I'm gonna out my meal ticket i'm stoned not stupid. anyway the feds don't sweat the small stuff there too busy looking at trumps russia gig. your starting to be a real downer so sayounara. anyway the wahinis are wakin up so its party time in waikiki.
Because everywhere the Muslims go,  the whining and complaining starts.  And the useful idiots keep on accommodating them(look at Sweden!)  All they need is to get one toe in the door.
How bout ripping up all stop signs and red light metal poles and recycle? since we have a town full of idiotic drivers who ignore them anyway why waste any more time or effort having them. sell the metal for cash and apply to taxes.
Boobs, ugly heads, stymied, nest of vipers. Are these examples of constructive dialogue and sincere discussion? They sound to me like the sort of words a troll might use.
This meathead actually thinks hes still good, hes a legend in his own mind lmao!
Hey mr "shot shot" fix the washout before you help the illegal scum.
CR, My bad. His parents are dumber than I thought.  Should've sent him to Roosevelt.
You are one dumb bunny Wendy. WHERE did Trump say Pittsburg wasn't part of the planet?  He didn't.!!!  He said he was representing  Pittsburg's populace, not Parisian preferences.  And just FYI , America is the only one who's paying the price requested.
This wins the prize.  Dumbest post of the day.  Author regularly wins so no surprise.
Your an idiot.
Troll clown.
The warmongering malignant narcissis and mentally deranged sociopath would lose. He doesn't have enough intelligence to pour p-ss out of his shoes with directions on the heels.
Stupid because one minute law abiding & the next a murderer like your brother in Thornton.
You're embarrassing yourself. Has Trump purged the civil service and expropriated media? Oh wait, that was in Turkey but let's blame Trump because he's a buffoon without a filter. How many retractions from CNN and NYT does there have to be prove his point? The idea that he is comparable to the level of real Dictators in Turkey, China, Venezuela, Iran, etc. is insulting to the citizens who are in jail or worse for opposing their government. Instead we get silence from the smug anti-Trump blowhards when antifa fascists thugs beat up peaceful assemblies - as we saw clearly in Berkeley. Trump's opponents deserve each other, they go blue in the face thinking they are under attack while the media is as free as ever, just pull up CNN, NYT, WaPo, HuffPo, Bill Maher, John Oliver, SNL, any day of the week.
Pathetic is thinking that the government can't or shouldn't apologize.  They can do more than one thing.  The pipeline is so very clearly not being held up because of this issues.
Well, whose skin wouldn't crawl if they were near to Donald.  He's a class A creep, a liar, and an egotist.  Worst president ever, in my opinion.
This again shows the childish and inept leadership of Black Diamond. The Mayor, Council Members and Police Chief all need to go. None of them have any idea how to run a city. What a joke.
No, it is liberal crap intended to impose guilt for the wrong doing of other just like so many other liberal pieces about wrongs that were done in this country. Then it finishes with a blatant smear on trump for "targeting Americans based on their faith or place of origin" which is a blatant lie. The story wass crap, the message it sent was crap and the misrepresentation of Trump was crap, and I don't even like Trump!
aaa poor lunatic lefty cant stand watching a real leader can you.
Too little and far too late.   They already have higher speed trains in Europe, for years already.   This project, due in 2031 is a sick joke.   Just another dishonest attempt to buy votes from the ignorant.
Traitor Trudeau.
What a dumb comment. Aside from the fact that no one at the concert was likely allowed to carry a gun, you'd be back asking someone to hit a target barricaded 32 stories above with a very small handgun. Try learning something about the topic before commenting ignorantly on it.
you are shameful.
Why would I want to go sit with a bunch of ugly, stinky people I don't know? I can sit in the comfort of  my home with ugly, stinky people I do know.
The school board has been hijacked by left-wing nut bars.  How far will this go?  Just remove any religion from public schools before the proverbial s**t hits the fan!
That's a ridiculous statement based on nothing.
He ain't human no humility or humanity.  Souless @$$h0le.
This guy is worried about "racists" but is doing the bidding of the biggest racists the Guptas who don't see blacks as equals but as "useful idiots".
Hate America, move bud.
Let me guess, these 2 clowns are probably huge Trump supporters!
While there were certainly issues with Clinton, to call her corrupt and a liar without recognizing the blatant ignorant untruths uttered by Trump is the height of partisan self delusion.
The Guptas have their troll army out in full force today! Kindly fuck off back to the hole you crawled out of Gupta piece of shit.
Find something real and with some substance to talk about. Are you really fooled by this non story crap? Are you really stupid enough to talk about this meaningless crap? Then your the reason we are in this mess in the first place.
The tree in the roadway in the picture supplied with this article is dumb, the roots will grow and tear up the roadwat.
Classical two faced hypocrite, that saddles Canada with his 'feel good' and world 'selfie image' while selling the farm to Communist China,flooding the country with Muslims we can't house,feed or find work for,while he spends most of his last year on vacation! Really how does introducing a carbon tax not 'clash' with building more pipelines and flooding the country out with unsustainable immigration? Shameful!
Thanks for the warm fuzzy thoughts, you just made the "little white rascist" in me giggle.  Now, back to reality.  Quit waiting for a government to do something you should already be doing, get a JOB that supports your family.  "Rural Exemption Provision", that's just funny...
Give this clown a job at Papa Johns delivering pizzas and be done with him.
Sheesh. It is so difficult for Trump to take criticism that he deserves and he is STILL coming out trying to defend his asinine comments.  He should just admit his mistake, condemn the Nazi white supremacist idiots, and get on with business. He should also apologize for his comments.  Instead he continues to defend himself like an 11-year old boy.  What an embarrassment.
Barry was a crazed leftist.
Sniff, sniff! I feel so bad for these poor folks, all that dough uselessly shot down a rat hole. I have a new word for them: its called TrumpuPence, it has nearly the same meaning as comeuppance.
The words of a crass and narcissistic person. That is what Donald Trump is.
Trump: "I don't believe it". Based on what? Gut feeling or just denial that something might just be there? Something could have truely happen without his knowing. That would be actually believable but to just say "I don't believe it" leads a reasonable person to think you are covering up. Buffoon. What till a real crisis comes up that requires critical thinking skills without just pushing the button!
half the people are dumb so that makes sense.
It's probably old news but EPD plants reddi callers in most bars at closing time thru out the city. DUIIs are a huge part of their "business". They encourage bartenders to do it too. This why no Lyft no uber because it would undermine their ability to fleece the general public at will. They also are taught how to falsify police reports to gain convictions by the DAs office regularly. That city is corrupt as hell.
The Devil made her do it and the man too because she's so stupid that she has no mind of her own. Apparently being a moron is a defense nowadays. In my day that notion never flew but it flies far and wide now. Wow. it does fly! Yikes!
Main takeaway- President Trump is a liar.
con nobs on this board cannot help but take a ignorant swipe at Prime Minster Trudeau, what sad angry little nobody's these trolls are.
You're pathetic. You really believe that a kid that excelled in school, called his parents when he was going to be a little late for his 9pm curfew & wasn't even known by the other "gang" members was leading this double life as a gun/drug dealer? Gtfo!
I guess the war on women, gays. "libertards", and anyone else who are not cards carrying members of the exclusive neocon  hate group has grown old.   Today the target is sick people. Who knows who'll they'll go after tomorrow. They are a vicious bunch.
What about his license and insurance? Current registration? Stupidity?
The dumbest name in the NHL is "Leafs".  The plural of "leaf" is "leaves", but don't tell that to the dumb as planks fans in Pigville.
Sounds fine to me. Wish he’d give up on the stupid wall but other than that it seems pretty reasonable. Nothing to throw a fit over.
Geezuz-gawd-almighty. Why can't these f-ing people realize when they've outlived their usefulness? She's not going to go willingly, so let us all hope that she contract come kind of quick-acting cancer and leave us in peace.
"Go to hell" - how very Christian of you.  And I've got news for you: Once baptized no one and nothing can separate a Christian from the Body of Christ.
Identity politics and oppression are distractions from a Marxist perspective. Only the economically exploited can make a revolution. Academic Leftists are just silly but may succeed in alienating those who pay their salaries. Not a bad thing if it results in unemployed academics. They can always drive uber cabs.
more and more you and the likes lefties here ARE the ignorant hate living losers that keep crying in your own delusional world ..
How is it clueless. Humans are encroaching on every wild place. We put trails through the wilderness and by salmon streams and then idiots decide that that would be a great place to run or bike through. Where would you like them to go? All animals will report to the top of the peaks and not come down until we're done playing where you eat and sleep. Seriously, instead of making an idiotic remark to make someone mad, why not tell us all where the wild animals should go? We have surrounded them and cut through their homes. We are supposed to be the smartest animals on the planet but still we do these things. Wake up or move back to the lower 48 "freeheels"!
What happen to equal opportunity employer. Most sports teams are all blacks. If they were all whites the blacks would be crying discrimination. You might say blacks are better athletes which is true. But employers are forced into hiring blacks that are not as qualified as whites a lot of the time.
Why are these racist gangsters still not in jail ?
Just empty words Mr. Crum.  If you were President under the scenario I described above.  Even you would think twice about killing every American.  If you would not hesitate to kill our country and Russia to conform to the dictates of MAD, it is not Trump who is insane.
Trump is a cancer to humanity and the planet.
A decade in political purgatory and the Liberals learned absolutely nothing from why they were there. A return ticket is in their future if this garbage continues.
I true leader does not claim credit for a successful operation. They spread the credit around and praise those who worked with them. Liar.
Soooo, he introduced nuisance legislation targeting two groups that were already illegal activities to begin with in order to further his antismoking agenda. What a jerk.
Must have been a slow letter day to print this much garbage.
She has NEVER had to work hard in her life......... If you call making 250 - 500,000 for a single speech hard laborious work then you need to get a real job yourself.   She's always had someone to dictate to next to the rest of us she's never lifted one of those little fat fingers.
OH SO SHOCKING. YOU MORONS.
Perfect example; "Imbecile" .This is what I mean about dims.Complete denial! Thanks Klastri,you proved me right again....as usual! lol.  I wear my"Sycophant"  as a badge of honor, the same as  "Deplorable" . C'mon bro, you guys are stooping lower and lower every day,save yourself ,you're sinking again! Haaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Forget about it Move on or simply? IMUA!
Just when you think you can't despise human beings any more, they always do something to lower the bar. Disgusting.
Oh poor him.  Maybe a drunk drive will run him over and put him out of his misery.
FATCIST!
xbt is probably out at recess posting his nonsense and is just about ready to get his 10th grade civics lesson.
I can't tell if you are just being sarcastic, if you are delusional, or may be just a troll, but good luck if that is your real take on recent events. You will need it.
Liberalism is a cancer and that cancer must be excised from the Catholic Church.
Don't waste your time on bigots, Arlene.  Let them continue to look stupid.
Wouldn't it be hysterical to bring somebody from 120 years ago forward in time to hear this crap. I can just hear their answer....Yeah?........ok?
One big difference between the Muslims and the Japanese who were in the United States. The Japanese didn't suddenly and without warning, radicalize, yell out "Buddha Akbar", and start slaughtering people.
Hey! Oil company subsidies! Tax credits! You know, the great Republican gift to Big Oil. We said repeal that before you take our dividend and impose an income tax. What the heck happened? Why can't you Republicans hear us?
Ignorant and uneducated. Your intelligence is lacking at best. I'd be happy to debate you and embarrass you on the lack of factual information swimming around in your confused head.
Do you tell whites to stop killing other whites?  Because that's who kills white folks.  If not, why not?
Liars, cheaters, what next, an overthrow?  Beware of the Republicans!   Republicans, beware of the Special Counselor!  aloha.
What drives Don Trump? His Hitler bedside tapes, calling women dogs, lies buy the bucketful, racist beliefs, and an evil flock of supporters.
Are these immigrants or are they illegal aliens? I realize the media is not smart enough to know the difference but here's a tip, immigrants are in our country legally, illegal aliens not so much. So easy to figure out even a cave man can do it but not the stupid liberals.
How is saying that a liberal bias is overwhelmingly obvious a "personal" attack.  That is a dumb statement.  Like when politicians call it a 'personal attack' for pointing out their voting record and statements.  No, a personal attack would be "Hillary has a fat ass" or "Trump has orange skin".  Saying Civil Beat is a liberal advocacy blog run by partisan liberals is NOT a personal attack.
How to handle child soldiers that want to kill you? The same way you handle adult soldiers, kill them first before they kill you.
Obama is gone fool!
You were never going to vote for him anyway, so what a silly comment.
Thank you ever so much, Kevin Meyer, Mike  Chenault, Peter Michicce, John Coghill, Pete Kelly, et al. Useless, useless, useless. Hope you are all proud of yourselves.
No, the reason Trump won was uninformed voters who get their news from social media and fringe media like Infowars and this garbage that Demboski is spewing.
Anti-vaccine fools reap what you sow.
Paul Jenkins: what a nasty woman.
Trump is a horrible candidate and virtually impossible for anyone to publicly support.  However, anyone who "supports" Hillary has absolutely no ground to stand on when it comes to indicting Trump supporters.   It's one of the finest examples of bubble dwelling I've seen in modern social circles.   There are other choices, two fine third party options as well as the no vote option.   You don't have to support either of these frauds.
Trump is a marvel of idiocy.  Like a bizzaro-world King Midas, everything he touches somehow turns to poo.
Go away Republicans, we've had quite enough of your stupid ideas and lack of leadership.  Just slither away into the tall grass so we can't see or hear  from you.
The write references time some the damn was built. When land was stolen and a group of people were banned from the city. This happened and it was recent. Very predictable that such treatment by pioneers would be forgiven. In fact some folk don't even want such history even spoke of. The behavior of Anchorage's pioneers is real and horrible. And recent. But hey, go ahead and dimish that horrible behavior with info from the Amazon. It speaks volumes about how folks view the heinous behaviors of our pioneers.
Maybe the ASD will the Mt Iliamna building into another IT facility just as it did under Comeau with the old Kennedy school. Just plain dumb.
You can't fix stupid.  Luckily, no one else was injured.
bring a tent, and chant silly nothings. make sure to post videos!! LOL.
Utterly incompetent, and snide as well!
Wow.  Trump is incompetent and a racist to boot.  And he is personally a mean and petty man.  Not letting Sean Spicer meet Pope Francis was just one small insight into what a petty and mean boss he was.
Dumb, meet dumber.
I approve murdering the Somali who tried to kill an EPS officer.   Stone him to death, Muslim style.
The traitor Trudeau should just stay home.
I hope someone with a terrible infection pi$$e$ in your drinking water. Have a happy hospital stay as your hair falls out and you wither away.
This trial is important for other women who deal with this crap every damn day of their lives. We need to see a woman stand up against sexual assault and speak her truth. It's unfortunate that the only women who can do that are rich, famous, and powerful. In this country rapists are let off with a slap on the wrist because it might "ruin their lives". No wonder women are afraid to report assaults.
You should call in to the Larry Elder show so that Larry can mop the floor with you.
560K is hardly enough for killing someone... Pull their license and be done with them!
ROTL ,, get a hickup of unbais intelligence over your stupidity, ,, trump called it out and it was stopped period..,.perhaps reality over being a bias hate trump sheep class might help you.
Hurrah. What a model of clear thinking, of timely communication, of efficiency, of accountability, and of giving a damn.
The Bully in Chief is an ignoramus who knows nothing of history, ethics, literature, and he displays no interest in pursuing knowledge and the truth. He is pathological  narcissist with zero insight. He likes to make things up and he considers these musings brilliant facts.
Typical behavior from the coward. All talk and no action. He always loses the tough guy attitude when he is face to face with people he criticizes from afar. Useless boy blunder.
ya like clinton and his appeesment bs that backfired and nk got the nuke anyway right? wow are you ignorant of reality.
So hillarys ethics Are much higher then trumps? Both are dogs i think i want the one that bites less.
At eighteen, they can join the armed forces and die for America, own property, pay taxes, vote, and are considered adults. Opinions count in America, even yours, as trashy, stupid, and ignorant as they are.
You are an asshole, Frank Colitivito.
The NDP in Alberta are hopeless.
aa poor lefty , keep crying.
Helpless, poor and mentally ill? You forgot drunk.
...and an otherwise average appearing middle class white dude loses his grip. Gee, I dunno how or why any well adjusted person would snap. Everything's so friggin awesome. Did he leave any passports at the scene of the crime.
She did that right after taking $100,000.00 from Trump. Damn her again.
Liberals do not read or care about facts, they react on wild eyed hysterical claims of their left wing gurus of the goofy.
This is an idiotic measure.  Rents will further raise.  You idiots.  So dumb.  Denver is broken.  I'm leaving.  Not fake leaving like all the movie stars going to Canada...but for real. I will take my business and then I will canabilize this liberal broken state from a distance.  Colorado is ruined.
Trump isn't a politician and unlike HRC, was never responsible for the deaths of 4 Americans, never stole items from the White House or lied about government emails or being shot at by snipers. Only leftist tools and fools would support a disgusting sexual predator enabler like Hillary Rodham Clinton.
She is disingenuous at best and a liar at worst.  She must go.
Not to be a jerk, but you have to use some punctuation and spacing this is impossible to follow. This is America we can all speak up. Simple. It is being heard it's all over the news.
He tried to burn the body???  I'll say it again, hang this monster.
It's pretty simple to address the Trump Phenomena!  History is against 40 years of liberal social experiments and red garbage inflicting total serious damage on this society.  There exhale the pot smoke now!
STUPID!
There is only one other troll who hates Rural Alaska, as much as you do, that I can think of, and I can't wait for the both of you to leave.....
White male, and your assumption is incorrect and rather insulting as well, as it should be obvious that what I wrote is intended to help as many as possible, and not perpetuate the cycle of death and rape inherent in the present situation.  As for the white privilege nonsense, spare me.  I'm not going to be unpacking invisible knapsacks any time soon.
Send them to Gitmo!  Hang them high.
Jinx, you're a classic scumbag, dirty cop. Whether someone is a "felon" or not is irrelevant. What other derogatory labels can you affix to folks? How about Nigger? I'd also like to point out that you have no way of knowing who anyone on the internet is, as it's anonymous.
"hypothetical" pitiful, simply pitiful!  Be it Hillary or her surrogates lying makes no difference to me. Liars are liars they are all just as pitiful and lonesome as one can possibly get.
I personally love fat chicks! More cushion for the pushin'!!
You should check the video... he IS black . Just sayin so that you can see that to assume he is white does not make the issue any better.
posted like a true loser who must live NOT in Toronto and is angry about it. The Jays are loved across the country. Just witness their caravans they do each year crisscrossing Canada and there are tons of fans who come out in support.
There you go again Dilly, over-reaching with ignorant notions of the Great Leftist Conspiracy demonstrating for all your ignorant and decidedly angry thoughtlessness.
here's a quote that works, ''Democrats aren't perfect, but republicans are nuts''.
you are the willfully ignorant , you refuse to accept our local style and denigrate it as stupid.  just because we don't agree with you demeaning assertions that we are all stupid.  nope, it is you who is.   but, please don' reply to me, like I said, stupidity irks me.
The above picture is proof Bernie attracts bird brains!
We cannot protect people from their own stupidity.
Why are Frats still a thing? How can one defend the existence fraternities anymore? They do nothing for the community, and only seem to revolve around binge drinking, dangerous hazing and other stupid, dangerous, toxic behavior.
you can't smell your own *&^% on your knees and you don't recognize the flaming psycho racist misandrist staring you in the mirror. your hypocrisy exemplifies todays democrats. Franklin Roosevelt is probably spinning in his coffin right now.
This dispute needs more guns!
tRUMP will be hard to pin down on any one issue, simply because he doesn't have a position, or once you think he has one, he reverses course. It's the perfect ploy that con artists employ. "We'll look int that". Keep the enemy off balance. Narcissistic behavior has few boundaries. tRUMP will keep on committing political suicide. Eventually, his supporters will get tired of being associated with the crazy and lazy one. Oh yeah, that's right, "Hillary is against the NFL". Thanks for the laugh. Won't be surprised if he backs out of any one of the debates or all of them. Playing the victim card has become his strategy. That poor WLB.
Hillary Clinton did make Donald Trump possible. They are literally North and South Poles. Both are basically corrupt. Both are basically liars although I give the edge to Hillary on that score. Both are bombastic and prone to extreme exaggerations. I'll give the edge to Trump on that score. But if you stripped away their politics, they are both two peas in the pod.
Ahhh, the intolerant left, and of course they're too ignorant to see the irony. Happens in "civil" comments and college towns everywhere every day!
Feminist ISIS sock wearing Trudumb doesn't get it. I guess being a graduate of nightclub bouncer school they don't teach geopolitics or political science. I hope the potheads and hair envy voters are happy with their elected fool.
From the picture it looks like his brains were splattered all over the curb. Damn...
The DP misses the whole problem with Trump's declaration. He IS part of the government. His telling NFL owners to fire protesters IS a violation of the First Amendment. He was trying and has continued to try to stop the players from exercising their First Amendment rights. The owners of course could fire any employee they want and it would not be a violation...but they didn't get so rich by being stupid.
Scientists do scientific research, not reporters, and certainly not parents. Your paediatrician is welcome to their "opinion", but it is one lacking good scientific backing. The overwhelming consensus remains that vaccines are safe and effective. To reiterate, vaccinate your goddamn kids!
Bunk.  Obama got elected by black privilege and George Soros.
trust that trudeau will as he did before pick an activist judge who thinks he SC should make law,, canada is becoming a cesspool of stupidity.
The DOT is the worst state transportation dept in the country. Disgraceful, quit already you people are useless. This is going on 3 decades of abuse and incompetence. When is enough ? Another agency is ABSURD. Stop please and do your JOBS.
The dummies who think Trump has small hands don't grasp that it's just the opposite - his hands are so wide that the fingers look short. Were his hands thinner with the same fingers, the hands as a whole would look bigger. Men who work construction often have wide, powerful hands.
I am an atheist and a historian, and yes our laws are based on Judeo-Christian values.  And whoever the guy was that thought they were based on Shria... well that guy is a nut.
Happens so often these deaths are boring. The solution to getting rid of noisy mopeds is to station plainclothes cops at problems streets communicating via cell phones. Fine the violators big time. If they do it a third time, confiscate their wheels. Cops are just too stupid and lazy to do something. Try throwing scrap 2x4's or 4x4's on the roads at night or even some large rocks. If you hear a loud crash, just laugh and go back to sleep.
Looks like his comment didn't cut the mustard. He should smoke some pot. He might mellow out, and be less angry, and racist.
Funny, you don't bother to mention that Hillary wants to murder little babies ready to be born, apparently that doesn't upset you.  I thought the sanctity of human life was a cornerstone of the Catholic church.  Did you bother to watch the entire dinner?  Because if you did, Hillary was nasty, Trump didn't say anything worse that Clinton.  You write an entire article slamming Trump instead of writing about the butchering of little babies.  Disgusting.
LOL Your paranoia is funny.  Calm down.  Big breaths help.  Too much CNN and MSNBC will do that.  I still fail to see any evidence that these angry drunks or angry mentally ill people at Beans are the direct result of Trump.  Does that make Detroit and Chicago's crime rate the responsibility of Obama?  Or is your only ANTIFA like argument/debate point is to accuse me of being in denial.  Cite your sources on the Anchorage problem.  Debate with facts please.
Ahhh when the bigots refuse to see their own  bigotry and start calling others bigots.   Riel you take the cake and are no doubt a typical bully type.  If Mr. Dallaire walked in the room and you had the chance to spew your venom we all know you would cower.
the ignorant resurfaces every time lunatic costs from government are forced on small business that does real damage to people and the economy, it ALWAYS comes true.
every religion is equally worthless and needs to be outta my face.
I filled it out three times already today! What an idiotic 'survey'...
Agreed.  Unfortunately, the Trumpsters have a "5th Column" here in Canada who will blame Trudeau no matter what.  They think Canada will somehow benefit with Trump by being like "Grover Dill" in "A Christmas Story".  It's cowardly and un-Canadian.
Kitty Simonds has to be one of the most corrupt people around, and Crabbe one of the most upstanding.
Defending ourselves is a must. The burglar, home invader had NO good intentions !
I knew there would be some backlash on Chin who file the case. He said tourism will be affected by the ban. Well it also we be affected by the Boycott. Bet your foot is in your mouth now. Trump also made some heavy cuts to our budget. So now what? Maybe not as much tourists and no fed monies. As always our political leaders and people in authority open their mouths without really thinking things through. And to think we voted for these idiots. All smoke and mirrors. Better hope that things look up and I don't mean in a few years.
You made the claim. Back it up or shut up.
While Muslims excoriate us about supposed Islamophobia, we should bear in mind Islam's entrenched xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny, Judeophobia, Christophbia, Europhobia, Americanophobia, democraceaophobia,  iconoclasm, and even Islamophobia against each other. Ancient hatreds and wars of extermination between Kurds, Shiite, Sunni, Wahhabi, Druze and other Islamic sects are worse than anything expressed in the west, even by Trump.
I am sorry but I do not feel all warm and fuzzy because he showed her to be what she always has been, a dedicated and congenital liar.
...and if it turns out to be a white guy who shot a black guy, then we will put it on the top of the DP for weeks, but if the shooter was a black guy then we will bury the story and you will never hear about it again.
They could care less about civilians. They get into heaven and get to cuddle with virgins if they die in battle or as a martyr.
More idiots.  Just like someone who assumes I am a republican.
I have been sick of seeing Trump on the news. If this Canadian jerk appears too often on G&M, I will have to cancel my subscription. Period.
why are you nut jobs so ignorant of the usa system?  there are a set of authorities a president gets to manage and those congress must agree with, get over it!
"No one is going to listen to a buffoon". Yep, I quit reading right there...
Hypocrite tangreedo, one of Colorado's true embarrassments.
One more thing:  The people of Hawaii should vote for the Honolulu Police Commision and we should also vote for the Police Chief.  We would probably vote fair.  Our state is being run by a bunch of stupid people who only think about themselves.  Shame on them.
Truer words were never spoken. They'so full of shite.
Damn you Alaska!! Every time I find a place I like, it goes away! RIP Sub Zero!
China's puppet Trudeau isn't going to do any such thing.
Harper was much, much better than this inept person and Co. do not drag him down to the level of these clowns.
The Liberal health Minister is silly. At a time when he is allowing illegal refugees to overwhelm social programs he is trying to pay for health care by gouging Canadians and giving free health care to refugees.
If he doesn't win it will be blamed on the racist white....I mean racist right.
Don' be ridiculous - a statue dedicated to Timothy McVeigh..... It is not even a close comparison...
no one cares what a paid liberal trolling hack like you believes lunatic,..
All the revenue should at least cover for that damned art tax...
For you who are ignorant (since there were 3 that responded)...you are forgiven. I cannot help you in your ignorance only to say that if you find a USN submariner, he will tell you that Adak, an island in the Aleuts is a nature preserve. It also is a sub pen & retrans site. The 33% suicide rate was quoted to me from the medical personnel on the island. They attributed it to the half of the year when Adak has 20 hours of darkness and ~4 of "daylight" (more like dusk). If you have a burn about that, go ask them. Don't believe me. The 3 times I went there for the exercise, we were billeted in the condemned civilian buildings that they didn't break down yet. Inside of the billets (civilian housing) there was a telephone directory on the floor. I picked it up and read it. If you doubt me, then ask a navy guy that used to be posted there and they can verify my comment. Again, I forgive you for your ignorance. If your integrity has been compromised, don't judge others for your shortcoming.
Lame Excuses must be the second-most popular religion from self-stroking voters. An actual rational person, when confronted with a choice, picks the best available one. Not doing so is the definition of stupid.
Jones is another ignorant. The US flag code says to stand with your hand over your heart during the anthem. Couple weeks ago he stood and locked arms with his players. His hand was not over his heart. He was disrespecting the flag as much as anyone who has ever knelt.
What a loser.
Eagleclaw, you should support Margaret Stock.  She's intelligent, thoughtful, prepared, and not a lunatic.  Miller, on the other hand, is bat-shit crazy.
This message brought to you by the sociopathy of the NRA. The National Rifle Association: we will fight to the death to carve out of flesh and lives some new liberty for our cult to kill: the right to shoot anyone without cause and inject violence and madness into a peaceful civilized modern world like an anachronistic highly-contagious viral memetic outbreak. It's step 4 of our 6-step plan to seize this county and its liberal democracy by militant force and violent overthrow. Our sworn ideological enemies don't own guns, are they not so very hapless? They'll never see our bullets coming, and as we have demonstrated, the government will not shield them from us. This sucker's already in the bag, it's just a matter of applying our absolute solutions with or without consent.
He and the cowed populace won't face the fact that these are muslim terrorists committing acts of terror in support of their Islamic goals.  Instead of submitting to islam and their demands we need leaders who take actions.  Deny all new mosque buildings, strip away all special islamic schools.  Deny islamic prayers in public schools.  Until muslims show they can adopt to modern society do not give them anything they demand.  Yes it is profiling and group punishment but we do so with drunk drivers so why not profile and punish potential terrorists?
Exactly!  What the sh--!
When I'm done with you, you'll be 100% ready to kill yourself.
Trump is too friggin stupid to even know where Alaska is let alone know how to do anything. Although if he was told the Russians loved the area he act pretty quickly. Trump loves the commies.
So, the republicans were voted in but failed to do what they promised so they fooled us once and it's shame on them because they didn't follow through.  Okay, the next election the republicans were voted in and again didn't do what they were supposed to do. I would say they fooled us again, but it's our fault because we were stupid enough to trust and vote for them a second time, so now it is shame on us.
A stupid question that requires no answer.  I will tell you the foriegn leaders I admire; G. Washington, J. Adams, U. Grant, T. Roosevelt, F. Roosevelt, H. Truman, and D. Eisenhower.  Why should Gary Johnson admire any foriegn leader?  He tweeted today, "(He) still can't think of one!".
Keep the towers standing.  We'd save $250 million if we don't tear them down (according to the HART chart.)  They would be perpetual tombstones of one really stupid idea.
I think they are thinking first kidnap then rape then murder.
Yes , of course, the government knows what is good for the common dumb folk out there.
I love stories like this!  There are plenty of stupid people who will line up to buy this latest toy.  The total cost of ownership of these things is ridiculous. It all makes me happy that my phone is an afterthought and not the focal point of my life.  I am rocking a Samsung Rugby 2 (tough) flip phone.  You should see the reaction of people when I bust it out!  Texting is turned off. I keep new ones on the shelf.  I lost one last month. What did they find on it?  Some phone numbers.  Big deal.  I can't imagine what it would be like to lose a phone that contains my life on it.  Dummies.
No, it doesn't.  Trying to do any kind of psychological analysis on the basis of two sentences, of 14 words total, is simply stupid.  It says far more about YOU than anything else.
Hey sukiyaki, Russia is only a mute point in your mind.  I got the word from real reliable sources,  Gen Flynn is squealing like a pig, so donald better zip up his pants, because Special Counselor Mueller is ready to pop him.......Real News & Real Facts @ Sqiggly.
Steve was an idiot. Justin is an idiot. Next!
Seriously, are you that ignorant? There already ARE laws against threatening others, harassment, etc. Those are not protected as free speech.
Its about time for the money grubbing EU to pay their own way... and as their countries sink into the sewer with the influx of uneducated, unskilled, infidel hating mooches, good luck with all that....  another triumph of socialist moronic ideas.
A just society helps all people who are disadvantaged and provides equal opportunities for all, regardless of the colour of their skin. Reverse racism, ie., the concept of "white privilege", simply perpetuates divisions based on race rather than individual needs and responsibilities. It also empowers the traditional racists and, I would argue, is one of  reasons the world is stuck with a racist misogynist idiot as US President.
another hating nut job,, no loser trump used his authority as outlined in the usa constitution, get over it... you are as usual from the alt left nut jobs having no clue what fascism is,, look in the mirror every time you idiots try to stop free speech at your nut jobs atifa ralies etc.,..
This i sooo stupid! What a waste of money! ENOUGH! We are in debt! What is wrong with people? We need oil, and coal, right now. wind and solar are not feasible. Put our people back to work!
"To let the enemy enter to avoid violence"....what a dumb azz thing to do!
What a gross and utterly myopic generalization. Try to pack your opinions with more nuance the next time around. They might come off more intelligent.
A witch hunt, nothing more nothing less. Did she give any thought to the 3,000 who died in New York and what success has the ICC had to date with the untold $millions which have been spent by this elitist "old boys' club". Pray tell why the Sudanese President is still at large and Mugabe travels freely throughout the world? Ermine robed, latte sipping parasites - that is the ICC.
This is all Gerald Butts' doing. He screwed Ontario and now he's going to screw the whole country. The guy is totally out of control.
More like taking back the asylum from the lunatics.
One would think Sessions has bigger fish to pursue. Lock up killers and rapists. Go back to the old days when we had jails full of pot heads. Spending 100,000  to keep a guy locked up for a 30 dollar bag of weed. Meanwhile,  the rapists and killers are walking free because there is no room to lock them up.  Try stopping the heroine that is killing people by the truck load. The mortuary business is booming. They have freezer set up to handle the extra load.  OMG this man is so disconnected.  What can you expect from a third rate moron for president.
People should go there and throw rotten vegetables at him :).
I'm not surprised, you can't fix stupid.
four pregnancies in five years - what an idiot !
Not her personally, but the sovereignty fringe movement she supports, silly.
Another black racist raised on hate history.  Does she know that the first slave owner in america was a black plantation owner?  Also, a large percentage of slave owners were black.  Of you read “real” history you might know that.  Most slaves after being captured by black Africans and sold to white slave traders were sent to South America, Central America, and the islands in the Caribbean.  Approximately 2% were sent to North America.  Those are “facts”, not left wing progressive propaganda.
Well well well, isn't this special! The Chumpettes can't even agree and true to form, even their own are scared of this psychopath retaliating. So sad!!! This country is in dire straits!!!
No, Robert, it does not take two to create a toxic atmosphere. One is plenty.  One person can ruin a good time for others.  No liberal or conservative, it only requires one jerk.
Why is this idiot still a judge?  He is clearly not very bright.
These idiots are just wasting our money. After about 20 years what are the odds of finding a body thrown in the ocean? I had a hunch all along that the perp of a Dad did that. And to give him a polygraph test? Why? Should have locked him and the Mom up a long long time ago. I scratch my head so much on what a job our Judiciary system is doing that I now have a scab. You guys know what I mean.
Oh crap! The Deplorable point-of-view will now try to dumb us even in film reviews? What's next? Accusations of "fake critics"? I think it is time for TV to start some re-runs of The Apprentice starring the original Agent Orange: this will give us some time to discuss intelligently while the Trump crowd is busy getting fat and loosing neurons in front of their TV set.
Crazy.
its repeal of Obamacare - same story - its not improvement same old crap from GOP.
And this is why the liberals are considered by many to be blatant hypocrites. They immediately scream their outrage when a right leaning group steps over the line however when groups like  BLM (black lies murder) and Antifa starts and participates in violence all we hear are crickets. Using the left criteria that would mean the Democrats support these terrorist groups and the violence they commit.
I look forward to the day that HRC goes away.  Blaming everyone else for the hole that you dug is pathetic.
John S. Sonin - shove your carbon tax up your tailpipe.  We do not need need more stupid taxes.
Yep you can't be Hispanic with a name like Reuben. No hispanic would be so stupid as to name their kind after a sandwich on rye bread.
Who cares?  In all seriousness she, as with all Trudeau ministers , will be shuffled. Why? Simple, they're inexperienced in the field and well.... useless in every sense of the term. How can anyone think a lawyer would make a good environmental minster. In the end we the taxpayer have to deal with the mistakes of these incompetents.
You are talking out of your arse again kirigirl.  If it was that simple don't you think we would have done that years ago?  Wake up and smell the black powder, Trumpster is coming and he has baking powder up his nose.   Game over!
Evidence is right here in this comments section. Go read the comments on the article about disabled people protesting proposed medicaid cuts, and then try to tell me with a straight face there aren't right-wingers there mocking and denigrating the disabled people. It's disgusting.
Why don't you come clean and tell us where you work or have retired from, Powers, so that we  can criticize and bash you for working or gaining a decent retirement.  Oh but it's so much easier to bash and criticize everyone else's form of living and survival.  Go away oh ye hypocrite.
So now Fox is part of the big conspiracy, too! The only source of real news is fat guys on AM radio. That star says what I think of this childish comment system.
Dumb! They have so many days off during the year that could be filled to make up for the days missed. But instead we are going to dip into summer vacation, where some people have already booked and paid for trips. This school district is horrible at handling these situations and they need to quit wasting time and money that they dont have.
Unfortunately, he shot HUNDREDS, he just happened to kill that number.
If you want to bring out the trolls in full force, write a column on women's rights, feminism, sexual assault, muslims, immigrants or indigenous people.
Where were you when Trump was promulgating the birther lies against President Obama?  THAT was fake news.  Oh, and let's not forget the child sex ring at the pizza parlour.   The hypocrisy is breathtaking.
Where do you dig this crap up? And that is what it is without context.
This will be a slaughter and Trump tramps on to the White House.
I wonder why you thought a bigoted narcissistic sewer rat with a documented history of fraud and bankruptcy would make a good President.
Arrogance has it's origin in stupidity. None of them , one can say have the intellect of a 2 year old. Arrogant Stupid and Parasitic.
he is a pants pisser,   packed up his weapon and all his ammo and went out in search of someone to shoot because 'black people scare him' ............  a normal human being does not plan to 'hunt' other humans for sport and cheers from the racist right......
Thread is overrun with Trump trolls and Rebel Media idiots.  Putin has a vast network of scripts and they are everywhere. You can always tell the scripts...they use the language of Trump and Fox News.
Just another verse of my dog's bigger than your dog.  This is just silly.
the liberals were pooping their britches over the Conservative deficits ...and now deficits financing is state of the art...just more fake news .....the question is..does Joe Canuck really believe that crap...I doubt it..
I would not trust the Russians with a whole lot, but we have no choice but to find common ground on critical global issues like North Korea and ISIS. Since the left's priority is to destroy Trump's presidency at any cost, they willing to fabricate the fantasy that Russia is the main enemy right now when in fact there are many others. Sad and pathetic attempt to try to reignite the cold war over a misguided goal.
Your alternative reality does not allow you to actually do research but instead make ridiculous unsubstantiated (sorry for the big word) claims.  While they probably did not meet with the actual hackers, it is fact that Trump staffers met or spoke with Russian officials during the campaign and that at least one (Flynn) talked about the sanctions Russia received for invading the Ukraine.  Jeff Sessions lied to the Senate Confirmation Committee about his interactions with the Russians.  Rex Tillerson received the highest award a non-russian can receive from his buddy Vlad and oh yeah, those 16 Exon oil fields that he was responsible for getting from the russians but unable to pump oil from.  Guess what?  I could go on and on but you wouldn't get it anyways.  And I won't even go into the budget farce.  One last thing, I am a retired veteran of 21 years active duty.  We know where the billions of dollars for defense are going.  Not to the troops but instead to contractors,& R&D. Silly boy.
The woman's march, or any march for that metter - is stupid....trump won fair and square - go home...trump is better qualfied than obama ever hoped to be.
A rats nest of scum, all of them, but the jury is right.
My guess would be that the only drivers that are opposed to this are the habitual offenders that probably make up the largest portion of the aggressive and speeders as well. The ones that ride your ass and get pissed when they get behind someone that is obeying the traffic laws and are doing the speed limit. I think anything that can be done to slow down the craziness in Anchorage is a good thing. I actually had someone behind me hit their horn and "motion" to me to run the stop sign at Airport Heights and the Glenn outbound, apparently expecting me to break a traffic law to accommodate her lack of ability to properly manage her time. There are far too many crazy and aggressive drivers in Anchorage.
There are plenty of good people out there who want to teach. Lose this arrogant fool.
We all know that teens have been discussing sex issues amongst themselves since pond scum had sex with stardust and started the human species.  Look for the free condoms box on the way out.
just like a German is very straight-forward, I would take it as a "Butt out" but in a nice way - which neither culture ever says "sorry".
He SAYS he will do all of the above. Just like he SAYS he doesn't "settle" with anyone regarding the many times he has been sued. Facts say otherwise. He's nothing more than a blowhard and a liar, with a massive ego.
Hey Liberals - instead of funding ridiculous 150 Projects like the travelling red couch and so on - why not negotiate with VIA and create affordable family passes and distribute them to those in need who can't afford much travel?
BMARSH is a fraud and he knows it, tell the truth #54.
Apartheid discriminated, dispossessed, dismantled and destroyed Africans mentally, physically and spiritually. To call for a secession, Mr Voster in a space that was never yours is not only stupid but lacks legitimacy and must be rubbished.
she is talking about bullying when little children just lost their dad and her husband is fighting with their pregnant , widowed mom......clean your own house melania...unless your telling the world that your abused by your bully husband...pathetic. didn't she just bully trumps first wife?
People don't normally take it to heart when an idiot calls someone stupid....
so you are both an idiot and a left wing sheep! important to know!
it is obvious from posts like yours the the liberals and left cater to the stupidest sheep in the country.
What do any of the Trumps know about child care?  Trump never raised any of his kids.  Their mothers did.  Trump wasn't interested in his kids until college age.  What's more, Trump made a stupid statement, "If I wasn't happily married (liar) I'd date my own daughter".  How fatherly of Trump.  Sicko.
Wow, Fox News slamming Canada. And a massive 7107 views. Yawn!! Now you're enlisting idiots to make your points. And If idiots were energy, it would be a source that you would never run out of.
NTM, Her interview with Mr. Jones isn't the issue.  Her implying he is a terrorist is the issue, which she didn't do during the interview.  At the very least Ms. Demboski is a coward.
hey loser there are NO market forces in ontario wind, its a scam GEA deal that did anything BUT allow markets involved and now the subsidies are drying up,, time to cut and run!! god when are you lunatics on the left going to live in reality.
But that bitch did get Trumped.
I'm not the one posting Anti-Semitic hate speech under some spineless pseudonym. You might rethink who's a coward here, and who's not.
... you do realize that most white people are not Anglo-Saxon... right? It's as silly as calling a French person a Gaul or a German person a Goth.
Because that's what you and your disgusting 'leaders' are doing all the time, sunshine! And if you'd bothered to read a bit more on this story instead of rushing in (well OK, this is Africa, it has taken you three days) with a typical knee jerk reaction designed to stir race hatred up like those same 'leaders', you would have found a whole different story. But then, I won't hold my breath will I.
The Trumpaphobes have their knickers in a twist ....and they are the main purveyors of the false news...so much of it has been manufactured that they have essentially lost their impact.
I was agreeing with what you said up until the comments about him being a terrible man and Christian.  This man just might give lots of free cake to homeless people.  He might donate a bunch of time to service organizations.  He also might set trip wires in the old folks home.  None of this is covered in the article, yet you call him a terrible man because he refused to bake a gay couple a cake.
Yep, let's just keep on killing those ancient, giant, mega-egg-laying halibut. That's just the ticket for the future of the resource.
Please for the love of GOD! STOP WAKING ME UP EVERYDAY WITH YOU RUDE AS HELL DELIVERY DRIVERS DESTROYING THE PEACE AND QUIET WITH THEIR NOISY, NO EXHAUST HAVING PIECE OF SHIT, GREEN MINI-VAN WITH PLASTIC FOR A REAR WINDOW. I HAVE WRITTEN TO CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THE NOISE WENT AWAY FOR A WEEK THEN COMPLAINED AGAIN, NOTHING! CALLED AND TALKED TO JOHN AND HE SAID HE WOULD TALK TO HER BUT, HE GAVE ME A NUMBER TO CALL BECAUSE HE KNEW NOTHING WOULD GET DONE. HE WAS RIGHT! I FINALLY HAD TO CHASE THE DRIVER DOWN AND SHE SAID, "IM GETTING IT FIXED THIS WEEKEND". WELL ITS BEEN OVER A WEEK AND SHE IS BACK AND IM ABOUT TO LOSE MY MIND AS NOONE WILL DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT!  please stop the noise! fix the van! fix the van! fix the van! fix the van!
It's shocking how people, not just young people, are now so self-indulgent. Fat, stupid, drugged, criminal. It's like our culture has become toxic.
Another pathetic attempt to change the news cycle and to let Trump have his ego stoked. He needs constant approval or he gets testy and starts tweeting things like loving Nazi's and other deplorable misfits.
Yes. Because such stupidity and negligence increases costs for everyone else.
pretty amazin eh.he beat out billyhilly, the supreme polished left wing liar in thief.
Unfortunately, time is the enemy.  It's beginning to look like we will spend all we have.  The money we earn on our money can go a long way towards funding our needs.   It's stupid to piss it all away because of some flunky, cowardly politicians.  But that's Alaska for you.
Some people just don't pay attention.  Too bad they think that posting ignorance helps their party.
So your saying it's the Iraqi's fault their country is the disaster that it is? We invade ( on totally specious pretext), assume control of the country, totally botch the reconstruction/aftermath due to idiotic decision making and yet can  walk way, blameless and willing to do it again somewhere else. I'm just totally speechless,... really nothing more to say...
How about "hate-mongering", "white nationalist" "ultra-reactionary" or "imbecilic"?
Blame it on the Russians!  Oops...Micronesians!
No: you're an a hat fool.
CNN. Who watches that crap?
Ignore Roy. He is grumpy because he eats lettuce all year round.
"The trouble with our Liberal friends is not that they're ignorant, it's just that they know so much that isn't so". ~ Ronald Reagan.
The Chump is crazy and the keepers of the gate better start reining him in before it's too late and the damage that he creates will be irreparable. It is inexcusable that congress and his advisors do not have the ba⚽️⚾️s to put the well being of our country first before the f-----g idiot.
This guy is a total phony who has made millions on the gullible. Nice to see him exposed for what he is.
Delusional Bob Porker.  If you were in such a dominant position, why didn't you run?  You knew that Marsha Blackburn would kick your butt.  Writing was on the wall for you.  You received all your kickbacks from all the pork that you added to our country's bills.  Time to stick a cork in it, Bob.
Don't underestimate these mysoginist Albertans. They are neither insane or stupid. They are no different than their likes in USA. They are likely well educated, middle class men and women who prefer to be racist, segregationist and sexist. You may not like the tone of this message but you can't deny the inherent reality within.
Increasing the fishery now = killing the chick in its nest.
and I didn't vote for him because he is a vindictive, thin skinned, immoral, racist, dishonest,  bully.
keep living the left wing hate trump stupidity pal, more us jobs means higher wages too.
Eish......more complete and utter tripe emanating from the manure heap at LootFreely House. History will just these racist thieving fools very harshly indeed.
Where's the compassion? Why the cruelty? Of course, the satanic Drumpf with Nazi DNA in his veins, hates anyone who isn't white.  He's a mean-spirited imp of perversity, who along with that beady- eyed racist Jeff Sessions, will do everything to make America hate again.  The epitome of evil, Drumpf and his coterie of racist, xenophobic misfits have  hijacked the world.  For those who continue to normalize Drumpf, let Shakespeare say it, "Would thou wert clean enough to spit upon".
Most of you, Margret included, are missing the point. Bottom lines: 1) JT is eager to please his voters base, and his govn't wants to grab pot taxes, 2) just like alcohol and cigarette, cannabis makes the users feel good on the moment but leaves their bodies and minds suffer in the long run, 3) thanks to public health care, the wise and responsible ones (who don't consume such things) end up subsidizing the stupid and irresponsible ones.
So Podesta conspired with the Russians to hack his own emails? That sneaky bastard.
The Dems fall all over themselves pointing out the fact that Trump praised Comey multiple times and now unceremoniously fired him.  When it's pointed out that the same Dummy Dems that are now crying over Comey's firing, hated Comey and called for his resignation they say "Well, it's not the same thing".  HA! HA! HA!  O ye hypocrites.
This is an issue? How silly.
Yo Bernstein ,We the people don`t give a rats rear end what you think !
I am saying your statement that asking people to give money is doing them a favor is stupid. The only person I am calling stupid is you, RD.
Deport neo-nazis and white supremacists.
More whining from snowflake Republicans.
You aren't smart enough to understand humor. You aren't smart enough to understand macroeconomics. And you can't express yourself without uttering profanities, D. Bunny.
you're a piece of shit.
I'm pro-hunting, and I disagree with you.  I think Alaskan predator control programs are corrupt and scientifically indefensible.  Policy this bad often comes back to bite everyone in the butt.
huh? and how will these phonies know which pipeline the next fillup of their Subaru came from? my gawd for stupid.
Just more traitorous policies from the Republican Terrorist Traitor Party of the billionaire barons.
By "numb" did you mean "dumb"?
yes, I think that trump is stupid enough to think that.
Silly comment yours.
So you think they should not have caught the guy? You want to let him go? You don't think kiddy porn should be a crime? They must have had a reason to pull him over and you are an idiot.
Voting for yourself is more than a little pathetic, NJP. Just like your comment.
wow you really live in a delusional stupid world of bs dont you! hey guess what the russia thing has been proven false already, maybe if you come up from your mommy's basement and catch up on current events you would not look like such a total fool.
WHAT are you talking about, Fool?  Life is far more important than benefits you don't need if you are dead.   Hahah you one babooz!
Many a bumbling idiot has installed himself-or has been installed-as dictator.  No one thought such a flawed undivual could win the presidency either. That he did it illegally, with help from at least one foreign government doesn't make it less likely he'll be a dictator, just the opposite. Trump is Dictator-Elect,  On A String.
Total agree, if it was some dumb a## lib who said that no one would a big deal out of it.
They did not have a permit to parade on Friday night. Therefore the permit the nazi/neo confederate racists had to rally on Saturday was revoked. The anti fascist/nazi/racist organizers were given a permit to demonstrate their opposition to fascist racist bigotry on Saturday. That's the legal rally that the murderous idiot drove his car into. Once again trump had his information wrong, perhaps intentionally? A lot of that good old intentional and willfully ignorance going on around this  country seems like.
The situation is maturing to the point where the Trump administration is going to reap the benefits for the American people and the world of the north actually joining the rest of the region in prosperity and peace for its own people instead of sacrificing them for the sake of the power elite's corrupt governance. Lil Kim posing as the plastic surgery duplicate of big kim the first is indicative of how crazy they are and how distrustful they are of the IQ of the people.
MUELLER took my sister hostage with TRACY PRENOSIL AND SARAH DENNIS JENNINGS COWS AND PIGS SATANIC WORSHIPPERS and COMEY FBI fucked idiots MURDERED NANCY MCGUIRE RIP.
Jimmy it should never be forgotten what the Donald said.  I just find it hard to understand why anyone, especially women would vote for such a clown.    So Jimmy do you still think the Donald is God's gift to mankind?
If a car mounts the sidewalk then clearly it's the driver's fault unless something forced her car onto the sidewalk. However I am appalled and horrified the way some pedestrians cross the road here in Edmonton. I have seen young women with prams and/or toddlers walking along with them crossing at a crosswalk and not looking to see if anything is coming. That's stupid.
Moat.  Beam.  And hypocritical, sanctimonious, cowardly and dishonest on top of it.
Talking to yer selfie again sore loser?  Fitting name.
I read recently that there have been 135,000 shootings on school campuses since Columbine.  Yet, we're so enamored with guns in this country that nothing has been done.  Other nations look at the U.S. and shake their heads collectively at our stupidity.
This is so stupid. Industry (ALEC) writes legislation all the time which is pushed by their bought legislators. The North's are a wonderful family. This country is desperately in need of such civil people. Phil had a family late in life, he had his time in, and he had some health issues. He truly did retire to spend more time with his family. Geeez, leave him the hell alone (I'm not as nice as him!).
no one at fox ever claimed obama was illegit , for any reason including being black you lying sack of left wing bs loser.
Yes I got the similar warnings before. I usually vote everything by one yes button since I have no interest to judge other's comments. And it is kind of strange if G&M has made up its mind on particular comment why it needs reader's inputs? They regularly delete comments including mine's in this thread, and they are bothered by people's voting? Kind of ridiculous.
And you, Klastri, conveniently left out the fact that the indictment against Papadopoulos does not mention collusion, conspiracy or anything that was being done illegally.  It is all about Papadopoulos attempts to arrange a meeting between Trump and Putin at some time in the future when the time is right or some such nonsense.  Papadopoulos’ mistake was lying about something that was not illegal and he will pay the price for his stupidity.
Still waiting for the little tykes and the coarse and unpleasant grown up tykes that cried and whined thru the last 8 years...and they didn't respect the system or move out either.
Because as you know I suspect you of being a Catholic fascist. But maybe you are simply pedantic and tone deaf, "Croesus". Whatever happened to Lydia? (Don't answer that. I'm JOKING.).
Who pays you, troll?
I agree ...this goes back to my comments about the differences between men and women. A woman neglects to practice safe sex when she decides to engage in reproductively provocative behavior ... squanders her opportunities to choose via the morning after pill ...finds out she is pregnant and she (and the law) decide if she elects to keep the child then the man is on the hook for the next 18 years and if she elects to kill her baby the man has absolutely zero say in the matter at all. Is there anyone who really thinks that we don't run things?
Exactly.  Trump basically says, "don't make any more threats, or else".  Or else what?  If kim continues with the threats, what will the moron do?  He just painted himself (and us) into a corner.  He ends up looking even more like the inexperienced rookie he is, or starts a war with no winners.  He needs to just STFU!  His need to look like a tough guy, which he is not, will kill us all.
Every year we hear of immeasurable cruelty to dogs. Its time to put the idiotarod away and replace it with machines.
Your ignorance knows no boundaries. Sexual assault is unwanted touching, including groping. Donald, Trump has stated that he has done just that and that he just can. In order for there to be a conviction, someone would have had to press charges with a law enforcement agency. These women did not do that. There is a woman who stated that Trump raped her when she was 13-years-old. The statute of limitations would probably prevent criminal charges.
he's a murderer, no sympathy.
Once ISIS is defeated the second round of fighting will start.  The Russian, Americans, Kurd's, Turks, Iranian, Israelis, Hezbollah, will all pursue their own agenda and then there is Assad,  Pity the Syrian people.
Wish we could throw all those elected donkeys off that building with no shoot or wings Watch them all splat on the ground.
justin is negligent with no regard to the hard working taxpayer.....he continues to show us he has no understanding of our priorities and continues to live in a fantasy bubble.  He tweets and we bear the wrath of his incompetence.  great job oh fearless leader, or should I say fearless loser.  Pathetic leadership at its best.
how soon will the blind ignorant liberal sheep like you old forget that harper being one of our best pm's managed to keep our economy about the best of the industrial world after the crash!,, but we understand hypocrite lunatics like you are always harper debt bad, liberal debt great! , which means you are the joke of the day.
obamma is not going to say anything as usual. That is exactly why Mr. Trump will be our new POTUS. Thank you liberal left for making so many vote for him! It is so enjoying and satisfying to continue to read the childish whining from the losers! Keep it up as so many are laughing at you now. Its hilarios yet sad. Because of YOU we will now be on the right path again. Thank you liberals!
don't blame the father, dumpy directly caused the death of his son needlessly.   dumpy is so stupid, he does not think about consequences, if it sounds good then do it.  he does not realize that actions have consequences and could result in bad consequences.  he does not care about the "little" people involved, if it would make him look good is all that he cares about.  he is a selfish racist, bigot, scammer, tax cheat, pathological liar, sexual predator and a dufus.
Probably, like you, an idiot.
I think you've mistaken who has been drinking the Kool-Aid.  You want to validate lynch mobs and vigilante "justice"and otherwise behave like a spoiled child, that is obviously your choice.  Just don't expect much support from anywhere else in Canada for such behaviour, or indeed, even from many fellow Albertans, most of whom can read a calendar and have a far, far better grip on what's been going on.  If you want people to blame, you might start with the 44+ years of Conservative rule in Alberta that seemed incapable of setting aside anything for rainy days, OR perhaps look at the failed Harper policies that expended all its energy on a single-minded (and narrow-minded) rush to develop the oil industry even more.  And in the face of world markets you don't control and the climate crisis we now find ourselves in, even IF you just can't bring yourself to accept what's going on.  As for the remainder of your xenophobic and racist rant, good luck.  Dustbin of history.  Where such belongs.
Exactly the point the 2nd Amendment makes.  We don't *want* the government to be able to commit genocide, as has been done in the past.  If you don't want idiots having guns, my suggestion would be to find a way to control the idiots!
this cesspool of hypocrisy chicken little has just thrown his hat into the ring for the conservative leadership eh?  stock up on barf bags, folks.  meet our combined version of the narcissistic psycho's, robber frod and dumb old chump.
You  should know, hypocrite. You do it often enough. Got you in trouble the last time, didn't it?
every country should cancel their meetings with this damn bully.
Corrupt NYC politics is why you have that garbage system there now.  The operative word is 'garbage'.
china ahead?? HA HA HA man you are truly an ignorant fool, china is playing the world for such,, while they continue to spew.
You are going to die soon, sell ALL your stuff, party, give lots of it away, friends, family, strangers and charity.  Don't be stupid.
Like the Big Island last week. Saw their faces on TV news yesterday. Jest a bunch of dumb Hillbilly mokes who were insulting each other's prides. So laughable. Let 'em go and watch them kill each other off for the cops. Makes are penny a dozen.
You're a misogynist.
Transmountain, line three, energy east, all "pipedreams". Watch the Jane Fonda's of the world conspire with our useful idiots to get those projects killed.
Another person lacking any concept of the United State Constitution's protections of citizenship.  You truly are naive.
I have no burden. The only ignoramuses who call me racist are those I don't and won't bow down to. And yeah, telling us we're angry is the oldest claim I ever heard. It's like being called a "hostile" Indian for protesting ill treatment. Like shut the eff up while we mug you.
If I were an alien and landed in this country and just watched the new shows on TV I would look up the definition of Nazis and White Supremacists and I would think that the president of this country had made a speech extolling the wonderful virtues of these groups. I would then go back and listen to what he actually said denouncing all hatred, prejudice and violence, suggesting this was a time for Americans to come together and end this sort of behavior/thinking  and I would wonder if the whole group of people who dispensed and talked about news were crazy or if he had given another speech which I could not find.  By the way I am middle class (you know the reviled class in this country?) and I am not dumb***, a republican, nor an idiot - and I wonder just when after I left the liberal political party it became a party of such narrow minded bigotry!  At one point, I was appalled when reading these folks in the comment sections at how mean, hateful and self-righteous they now were.
your fantasy thoughts are such a transparently stupid post based on the usual nut job world of delusion.
You are sick.  Please see a mental health professional.  In the meantime, you are unfit for public office.
she is a liar, thus not qualified same as pubic hair Thomas.
Well 'knock me over with a feather'. Have not seen the word 'smart' and Trump in the same sentence lol...now thats a 1st!  Just another bucket of garbage the american people fell for during the election!  How much longer is this 'gong' show going to continue....
You are so funny. I think you are being ridiculous so hey, you stop it.
Liar!  Liar!  Pants on Fire!
Nicky, you can't handle the truth. Both Harper and Harris were completely useless scumbags. One was the worst PM we will ever have, and the other is the worst Ontario Premier we will ever have. You can sling all the sing-song baloney you want, they were the worst.
The past two winters Anchorage has had virtually no snow.  Where did the savings for little plowing needs go?  Now we have one significant snow and the city is crying for more money.  Ridiculous!  The Liberals have done us in again.
Trumpf heaps blame on Obama?? What a sack of shard. Tillerson will do squat cept say" Don,i was ready to retire,I did not want this job"! Hey  dunce, go send the big guns in, Jared Kushner. Only other Jared we know is a subway pedophile.
Some of Ezra's supporters have asked for an example of his hate.  Google his article about the Roma Gypsy's.  If you don't think it's racist, then replace Gypsy with Jew and tell me what you really think.  It's a great exercise in exposing hypocrisy.
Did you see her video? She's retarded!
Because of idiots like him the number of Catholics who attend church on Sunday drops off.  I say we support the Catholic Church on Sunday with black buttons in the collection basket till this crap stops.  Doesn't Catholic Charities accept enough federal money taking in all those illegals?
So the latest trash from the Trump Dump is an attack on our exported lumber and dairy products? What is it with these right wingers? Even Harper sided with the US in his stoppage of the court proceeding that cost the Canadian lumber industry a billion dollars! The USA is in far more trouble than even the Democrats who did not vote could of dreamed! Again Bush and Cheney walk this earth as free men, what is stopping Trump?
EM - a - who ?  Oh , that idiot...
Idiotic comment.
Who's doing all the killing in the inner cities? Not whites. That's your culture bro, not mine.
You do use toilet paper, don't you. That's a Chinese invention so you can deal with your crap. Or perhaps you use your index finger.
Silly comment.  CEOs don't "provide jobs".
Just wondering - who's the clown here??
Try 40+million who can't pay the deductibles, premiums and who don't want to buy Obama care.  "Improving" Obama care?  Hey, the GOP will suffer in "18" if they don't get their crap together.  Ouch! Pelosi & Schumer leadership again? Snowflakes rejoice!
Trudeau is pathetic. End of discussion.
You're clearly a cop Mountain, tell us how you really feel. You can't really believe the stupid crap you post here.
Butt stinks.
The pedestrians can get out of the way quick, when a car hits a bycilists it's "LIGHTS OUT FOR THE BIKER".  PERIOD.  It's a  dangerous social engineering program.   Bike permits and insurance and make it pricey so the guy/gal will rethink biking to work and take the damn bus.
It's so stupid people can appear smart.  They need to get over themselves.
Hey miners send me money, I'll put in a good word for you at the local landfill. Crows love allot of crap.
Not an excuse...   Goes to show his grey matter between his ears is lacking.
Of all the repugnant politicians in Washington, Chaffetz is one of the vilest...
Trashing our country like their own with NO respect for the noise and trash scattered around they leave behind. Who wants any deadbeats picking through their garbage 24/7. Garbage nation=garbage people!
Starve the beast!
I am a wounded Vietnam veteran who witnessed many good men give up their youth, health and most importantly their lives for our country.  Not once did I see these fine people disrespect our flag or country.  So when goodell who is paid 34 million dollars a year defend these jerks disrespect it sickens me.  The bums you see doing their protest not one of them could lick the boots of the men I saw die so they could have their (rights).  I also have stopped going to games (Giants) or watching any nfl on TV.
Ahhh..".lilly white" - an undeniably Racist term. I can only assume you are not only a Negro, but a Racist as well.
Stupid is as stupid does Gump was right.
The only people that smoke cigarettes are trash.  Good work to clean the trash off the mall.
And?  Why was this 'report' necessary?  Don't we all know blacks do more crime?  Are we still trying to keep that a secret?  Is it 'racist' to tell the truth, yes, I suppose it is.
The headline should have read: After girl reveals she's gay, Mormon church tries its best to bury its head in sand.
I agree with Dung Saunders.  White people are to blame.
I am sure if a cop with a hammer raised over his head were to approach a black guy with a gun, the cop would be shot.
Rubbish seems a bit strong! A quick internet search will confirm that is an Americanism and still known as such. Earliest citations of usage in the 2000's so probably in spoken English earlier. I was wrong to say decade clearly it is more like two. Fag always meant a cigarette (outside of Public schools that is) and faggot (apart from a bundle of wood for some residual rustic types) was a savoury meat ball especially in the North - I am sure that John Hobson can confirm this. This is still current. Of course there were other words with the same connotation.
Where are all the boys quoting infoWars & Breitbart?  They sorta disappeared.  And where are all the Fake News screamers, besides peanut gallery, lol. Obstruction, collusion, & stupidity, the orange clown is going down!
People who aren't picking up the tab never feels government handouts are wasteful spending. Seeing these payments will be going to the insurance companies that made over 5 billions dollars in profits last year doesn't seems to bother all of these anti corporation far left liberals. Damn Hypocrites!!!
DB:  But you had no problem with someone else paying for those courses you were enrolled in, right?  But I like your logic.  I don't  think I should have to pay for healthcare for those who can't afford it.  Further I don't think I should have to pay for schools and education since I have no children in school.  As you can see your reasoning is both foolish and ridiculous.
The thoughtless Forest Service managers are as irresponsible as the 15-y.o. kid setting off fireworks.
You sure type a lot. Simply stated, you're opinion is pathetic.
Stupidiity becomes you nicely.
To see right wing heads explode?
Some of these comments are amusing. Here we have the chinese guy whos country has a history of documented human rights violations..... but trump is the problem. But you trip over yourselves to welcome the communist dictatator, and you dont see the hypocrisy of it all. How pathetic.
Out of sink with North America , 9:30 am sunrise in Calgary (dec jan) 10:00 am in Edmonton.  Business will be out of sync with EVERYONE.  This is what the Rubarbs want for Ab.  Tell Albertans the facts, then yak about support.  What a dumb idea.. I mean off the charts stupid!
The trumpflakes, who are a few million less than half of US voters, are the only ones who support the Trumpster. The majority are smart enough to know what an absolute disaster the lying, cheating, orange clown will be for the country and world.
Brian Schatz is a dork!   For every report he can find saying the planet is warming and we all are going to drown I can find one that says the opposite.
You can't fix stupid and entitled.
What this is about is hypocrisy. If you are going to be a socialist say so!  Don't run as a capitalist. More corporate welfare. What everyone knows now is that socialism is necessary and that our country had been headed that way for years. So STOP CLAIMING SOCIALISM IS BAD. Stop running political campaigns against socialism when you are dead set on being a socialist. I am sick and tired of that kind of hypocrisy.
I hope HPD arrests this loud mouth Espero one day.   He sticks his fat nose into everyone's business but hasn't done a single thing to address the crippling traffic in his district.  What a fraud!!!  Where's Bulaia when you need him. He would knock that Bolo head down a few notches.
Comey didn't lose his job because of "credibility issues". If that was the case there'd be no one left in the Trump Administration including Trump.  Trump is just doing one more incredibly obvious, stupid thing in a lame attempt to save himself.
He sounds like a peach. I hope he burns for an eternity.
I will give this one to running scared. He has seen the anger from across canada on this one. too bad he is not really changing anything trying to fool Canadians by putting lipstick on the pig.
Straw man argument.   It is not the message.  It is that the media lies in its role as the propaganda mill for those whose agenda is to control the people and create a cadre of useful idiots.  They are the enemy of the people and need to be treated as such.
It's not libel if there's evidence; nor is it an ad hominem when the crux of the argument is their idiocy.
Roy your comment is rich considering that you are the biggest troll on this site.
Trump is a complete imbecile.  Plus a Nazi sympathizer.  There's that too.
Weiner's the type of monster running the countryside lurking after sexual opportunities.  Why is he allowed to continue this stupid behavior?  Sounds like another tRump in the making.
I know what the solution is.  Why don't we just kill all the men?
They are? Can you cite some examples, please? What an ignorant comment.
"Is everyone here really that ignorant about the kind of fanatical extremist religious sect the Nation of islam is?" No, they just choose to ignore it and rail on Christians for things that happened a thousand years ago because it's the hip thing to do.  (Btw I'm not a Christian.).
What a stupid thing to say. You must be a communist.
Don't think the 38-year-old man would have been stabbed if he pulled out a gun and yell: Get the **** out of here !!!
trump should single the white nationalists out - just like obama should have singled out BLM for their violence.
Only an idiot would buy them. It's all free on the internet. lol!
Why not just call me a bonehead like you've done in the past, Kon?  You added nothing to this discussion and thus demonstrate your only interest is trolling/harassing me.
Larry, if anyine ever tells you you are a huge asshole, they would not only be right but they would also be a better person than you. You are a huge asshole.
He did during the election but now he has a Cabinet loaded with millionaires, billionaires, captains of industry and Generals - it doesn't look much like a poor peoples administration to me. Now it's reported that the GOP is not only going to stop Obamacare but go so far as to eliminate what little social safety nets the US has, inluding Medicare for the aged and poor. Ugly, ugly, greedy self-serving rich man politics.
you need to read the article again.  she is resisting his policies and not necessarily resisting trump as an individual.  but many people resist trump as a person because of his bigotry, racist attitude, cheater, liar, sexual predator and mentally ill.  these are horrible personal qualities for a president.
Hocus Pocus Scare Tactics to influence in favor of Man Made Climate Change..   In reality it's a natural evolving changing climate..   Been going on for Millions & Millions of years.... LONG before Man showed up.    Liberal Socialist Democrat Agenda,  One World Government Bullshit....
You're lying of course, but that's what you do here.  The media is not driving the anti-Trump narrative.  The American people are.  Because Trump is a total failure as President, and he's also a Nazi sympathizer.  No one needs the media to see that.  Trump makes it very easy to hate him.  He's a loathsome piece of garbage, and always has been.
Alright....you were being ridiculous then.  If you don't like that I can come up with another synonym such as ludicrous, absurd, or nonsensical.  Your choice.
Another "3rd grader" comment from a dotard with a 3rd grade mentality and vocabulary.  What a disgrace to our country he is!
Deport these guys. Oh wait they are upper class white men. Well shame on me because fron reading responses on crime I thought only minorities committed these types of crime. Silly me.
And you read it all, making you exponentially MORE pathetic.
E24L  Wait:.....it's so much more fun to complain about the neighbor's messy yard than to go out and mow your own... It makes you feel so much better when you can "put down" someone else.....and here you are suggesting people should mind their own business, mow their own yard and work to help others UP rather than to kick them DOWN.   geez...you must be one of those damn liberals...... regards, Gary Crum.
Not everywhere.  She was sitting her ground in her car but had to get out of the car to stand her ground in order to shoot him.  Self-defense can be tedious at times!
Too stupid to keep his yap shut. Now he will have no choice but to issue pardons. Not a bad thing, but certainly a new timeline as of today.
It williams be interesting if this starts a full audit into all their expense claims by an independent auditor!  I suspect there are quite a few pigs at the trough!
the muslim imported punks are not americans. they are a poison upon my country and should be exterminated.
Beijing millionaires and wanna be Beijing millionairesses who squeeze money from the rest of us! And stupid blind white men with blinders!
Paul Elam??? Do we really need to drag a misogynist loser into this? Honestly, the man has nothing useful or intelligent to add to this debate. And Feminism ain't dead as the March on Washington showed.
Trump either lied about whether the topic of who's going to pay for Trump's wall even came up, or he didn't have the guts to bring it up when he was face to face with the Mexican president after making it a big part of his platform. Only a complete fool would fall for Trumps BS.
Teach the children that you can be a draft dodging coward and still be president.
But what do Nazis have to do with Antifa being Racist thugs?
Idiot author is doing nothing but parroting the mainstream media talking points.  He was not stopped for a broken tail light, but for investigation of robbery.  The small handful of white police officers shooting black suspects is significantly outweighed by the number of white suspects shot.  Only a tiny fraction have ever been found to be unwarranted.  It's people like Parker who enable the BLM terrorists.  She's a large part of the problem, parroting a theme that isn't correct in order to push an agenda.
He is not that stupid.
People should be held accountable to their actions.  Don't tell me I hate this country because I say this.  YOU are the one who is ridiculous and an apologist for bad behavior and all in the name of football.
I'm a WORM?!  That's disgusting.  I'm not sure which is more insulting, calling me a worm or calling me a Russian.  I'm watching you NanakuliBozo.  Do not try me.  The age of strategic patience is OVER!
The loony left always has a reason for being intolerant.  It's coming people, and soon.
Reason # 13 why we need to REPLACE at-Su Borough property taxes with a sales tax.  Taxpayer are tired of having our hard-earned money be misspent by idiots.  #ferry #railextension  #meatplant   #dairyfarmers.
Provide a credible link that backs up your nonsense.
There IS NO HELP for this particular tragedy.  All the sophisticated medicine in the world is not going to help him.  Nothing is going to "save" this child, and blaming a healthcare system, the U.K. Government and everyone who agrees with his physicians is simply futile and choosing to be blind and/or ignorant about his terminal condition.  The real flaw lies in prolonging his life needlessly -- in getting on this path to begin with.
You had me right up until you called the President a goon. Number one this was not a political article. Number two it makes everything you said be suspect. Number three it shows that you are just another liberal bigot.
This man recieved money from internet providers to vote in favor of allowing these internet providers to sell your social security number, passwords, and financial information to the highest bidder. Anybody that votes him back into office after that is a fool.
I'm glad for the damned Yankees, if they can only get Judge and Sanchez going at the plate, Sanchez has improved behind it, even from a couple of weeks ago, it could be fun with Houston. Poor old Girardi, pulls CC too early in game two with an 8 t0 3 lead, then muffs the rest of the inning,  took four consecutive hits last night before he realized it and brought in Robertson, then it took a snappy double play to end the inning,  CC was great up to then though. Wow Didi, Jeter who?
Seems?  No, Smeeagain IS a grade C fartknocker ... :).
One of my comments has disappeared already. To be more blunt, all black men aren't criminals, and all black mothers aren't saints.
Oh fakesarge, it's reassuring that you and the other MAGAphants remain obsessed with Secretary Clinton.  While you focus on her and Breitbart news, Mueller has a lot of quiet time to pursue criminal charges against all your racist, nazi, KKK friends in the white house.  This is really getting fun to watch now.  All your gloating since November looks more pathetic by the minute.  We always knew how uneducated an dumb you MAGAphants are, but now we know you're pathetic and SAD.
It disturbs me that you're literally hoping for the day you get to shoot somebody.
Kellyanne Conway is a zombie hooker who I wouldn't touch with another man's gizomo.
has there ever been a potus that   connected  himself with media and sports stars like Obama?? Oprah, tiger, Stevie, Beyonce, Jay Zee et al? I think Obama is a megalomaniac . His arrogance was 2nd to none. These are the folks he ingratiated himself too. If he wasn't potus they would have had nothing to do with him. I think it is nauseating.
The charge for hitting someone in the head with a hammer should be attempted murder with special circumstances. Anything less is a travesty of justice. It also doesn't matter that they were teens. Throw the book at the thugs.They destroyed a man's life.
And just who is the dumb one here? It's apparent that you don't know what an assault pistol is but instead of leaving just your question so that you could find out, you had to show your lack of knowledge by calling others "dumb". Try this out: http://www.bing.com/images/search?view=detailV2&ccid=O%2f%2bkah%2fO&id=0D8CBFAD699A791E279F98FA3681644F50D9DFF7&thid=OIP.O_-kah_OFW_Fj19LjicdPQEsC0&q=assault+pistol&simid=607998634271574979&selectedIndex=0.
Do you know what is even more stunning? to see you apply your spoonful brain into this matter. People like you should have no right to formulate opinions. They are useless too just like you!
The fuss is government keeps changing the rules and want more of your liberties. They monitor every word we speak or write,  every book we check out of library looking for foreign or domestic idiots who want to yelp to some cultural idea of glory. Hitler did same without computers or numbers. So does china, russia and n. korea. Freedom is just another word, for nothing left to lose.
Never hire a Muslim, a Black person or a female...ever!
In North Korea you would probably get executed.
How interesting to read an argument that equates judicial contemplation of constitutional intent as molding "silly putty" from one who can't see the same similarity with  those who mold  Biblical intent like "silly putty".
Because you're too ignorant to understand the responsibilities of the President and the Constitution is your problem, not mine.  Go read the Presidential Oath and where it mentions upholding the Constitution.  Then go look up subversion.  Just because my post puts your panties in a bunch doesn't make me wrong.  Facts make you wrong, though.
white, angry, low education, fat, heavily armed yet terrified trump voter in chugiak, please go away.
The Elagabaluses are one reason why Vietnam dragged on and on.  They put an silly, revolting, cowardly  face on the anti-war movement.
Surely you are talking about Reagan and the Iran-Contra Scandal, where Ronnie armed Iran? Traitor.
Trudeau has the intelligence level of gnat.
Ken, these stories you cite are all conspiracy theory, fake news.  And it's past the point of HRC, Trump is a true traitor to America.  He will fundamentally change us for the worst.
"The Best Democracy Money Can Buy" by Greg Palast.  "A Tale of Billionaires & Ballot Bandits".  Available on Amazon.  The traitorus acts of the Billionaire Class led by the Koch family, Oil Monopoly, Republican and Democratic Parties, Wall Street/Financiers.  The picture of a German president with tiny fist upraised like a spoiled child as he can't figure out whether to raise it in a Black Power salute or extend it for a full Nazi projection.  The fist ready to descend on the nation as it opens to grab every economic element available for the final looting envisioned by the Billionaire Oligarchy.  All courtesy of a brainwashed, manipulated stupid populace actually believing the words of this traitor.  Let the Women's March begin the revolution to take back the nation from the greedy fists of these worst traitors in the history of the nation.
You'd think the communist lawyer Gloria Allred would suggest she get her hair done so she doesn't look like an LA hooker.
How dumb is the woman who married this clown and would bring up her children around this guy. She not a good mother.
This columns can be summarized:  " I hate Trump because he is a stinky poopy pants".
Trudeau is full of shit - like all Liberals.
More like another irrelevant poster!   We are now an official site for trolls that can not seem to be anything but true ass's.
Why is this considered news?  He's a one hit wonder from 40 years ago! Who cares what this piece of garbage thinks?
W...T...F???
You guys are a bunch of racists!!! Following your twisted logic, what would be the explanation for the stabbings in Colorado Springs perpetrated by Malik Murphy (an African-American kid)?  Or what would be the explanation for the shooting in Vegas?
soon roy will be along to defend this dingleberry dickhead. but he is thrilled roger ailes died. this is a perfect example of the sickness that liberalism is.
Senator Carper, you are a disgusting hyperpartisan feeble little man.  You embarrass America.
Republicans are all about pretending and being fake Christians, it is what they do BEST these days ...
the fool on the hill has been told to stay inside....he is hiding from the press now as well.
Always:  As you know  the powers to be in this state and country have turned their backs on the Mentally Ill FOREVER.  I agree with you that there are  many MENTALLY ILL that have outsmarted the system and belong in PRISON.  What's that tell you about the SYSTEM and its so called ADMINISTRATORS............Homer Simpson could teach them a thing or two........................
black folk must fix black folk_ I am black and hatred exists even within the family._since you are a member of the ANC, ask your bosses where are the schools?all the good schools, hospitals and townships were built by the <RACIST WHITES>_ the real problem is the absence of good schools in black areas.  the ANC IS THE DEVIL.
Another hate filled post, John? For someone that says they are a liberal, you sure are racist!
whiny parents make me vomit in my mouth . Get a life , and let your kids grow up with out you in their hair . Sports is bad enough , with all the , johnny my special child should be pitching , or at least play first base . though I must say the woman running P.P.S. is way overpaid and hasn't done  s&*t.
No one cares about your petty little boycott. But have fun sitting on your arse this season, looking out your window sad-faced, watching the rain.
Give me a break..Obama was a loser President and I'm so glad he's finally not in my White House any longer.
Racist. Penny Sparrow Clone. People like you should leave South Africa as we do not want the likes of you to sully our new and struggling democracy.
Your an idiot.
Pervert!
Boots, so you're calling your democratic party in Hawaii Socialists. Hmmm, interesting.  The Hypocrisy is you. lol.
Sorry, but this quote by Mandela can't be found anywhere. I call bullsh*t. During his time there were no people of colour in the DA, so it would be ridiculous to think he would say it. There is no context for him to say it. This is really sad the Dailymaverick has resorted to uncorroborated made up stories. This site is becoming a clickbait site. Pathetic.
A) Wanting to hang all the gay's is not a quality of competent people B) His agenda is not reflective of the majority of Americans ) glad you recognize the POTUS inability to communicate like civilized human beings D) He has done nothing in office other than conduct himself as sycophant.  He will be the next to go after Drumpf is impeached.
How ignorant can you be?  It was Obama who ruled like a dictator with his executive orders.  Trump is merely undoing Obama's attacks on Congress and our system of government.  Obama the Socialist akin to the NAZI's.
it appears as RUSTY THE HATED MONEY SUCKING  RAIL WILL BE REARING ITS UGLY HEAD AGAIN & AGAIN AS THE DONKEYS FIGURE OUT HOW TO  REMOVE THE MONEY FROM OUR POCKETS TO PAY FOR CALDWELLS  FOLLY. Stop this BOONDOGGLE and save Billions of hard earned tax dollars. turn the existing guide way into a reversible highway for all Leeward residents to use each & every day.
Siemian didn't muff punts, or drop passes, or commit stupid penalties.  But he did run for his life behind the worst offensive line in the NFL.  Granted, he made some stupid throws but there is a lot more wrong with the offense than Siemian.
oh lefty loser, it ws no flub, no mistake it was an insult on purpose bud, YOU lib losers are the nutters being led around by the nose under justin, while intelligenct people stand up to his bs.
I'm sure the millions of people suffering in the Middle East don't care that Obama is classy. I'm sure the families of policemen shot by inflamed blacks in the US don't care that Obama is classy.  Wow.
The board has done a poor job. Caters to special interests. A wicked lot that needs to be replaced. Trapping for fur and trophy hunting or killing for pleasure are all disgusting.
Local Republicans ARE the most unprogressive, bible toting, hypocritical, ignorant party ever. Where, oh where are the young Andy Andersons, Hiram Fongs, & Frank Fasis ??
You're a moron.  You have no idea what you're talking about.
Really, coming from the twitter King, a DEMAND for an apology after all the degrading ridiculously stupid things King Trump has said over the last 7 months.......pound sand.  And for clarification I hate what ESPN has become and am for sure not a fan of Ms. Hill!
here we go again, like a freakin ferris wheel! just get all those city & county and state lazy workers who supposed to keep our parks, streams, streets, mountains clean and make them help round up all the homeless who are just taking advantage of lame duck politicians who do not have the balls to face ACLU and get rid of them and drop them off at sand island.  when we have laws and these bums are breaking he law Why the F do we have to give these losers  a notice!!  give me a FN break.  the city and state and feds just drags their arses  and this is what happens, with all these stinking bums.  today i saw a couple of bums acting all nuts on nimitz and on school street.  these bums are mental and should be put in kaneohe.  I know most of you are just like me, we work hard, sometimes more than 1-2 jobs cause we all have class, and values. these bums don't have crap.  most of them like to make others uncomfortable.  get rid of our chicken politician and get rid of these stinking bums.
one of the reasons I voted Trump is that I believed he reflected to some degree the salt of the earth propensities of the Huckabees even as did say FDR. I say lets wait and see. Anyway The Denver Post is on the bottom my list for delving out moral comeuppance to any personage. May God curse you Whore for your white eye lies.
Bill Walker is a traitor. He belongs in shakeles and chains. He should be fed dog food and drifted out on the cook inlet on a piece of plywood at a changing tide.
Protesters are a bunch of whiners....why didn't they protest obama, the most incompetent prez ever.
You are very sick!
3 lunatics on SSRI drugs...good examples. Google all three of them and look at their eyes. Tells you all you need to know.
Yes, because there are only billionaires and "bums"  to choose from, right? Way to troll, troll.
Why? His word is no good...Just another nutjob spewing hate and dissent against our man Trump.
I can't wait to see the illegals you support take your job. If you're not bilingual and don't speak SPANISH and you're a teacher you won't be employed on the mainland! This is what your promoting allie! These illegals REFUSE to assimilate, they deserve NOTHING! If you don't speak Spanish, please press 2 now! LOL.
What's your solution? How much are we willing to spend as a society to eliminate the problem? Calling something what it is is not a fix or even a start in the right direction. Send them back to wherever they came from ; incarcerat at over 100 thousand a year with free medical; take them out in back the court house and shoot them; what? Any practical solutions at all?
Right Mr. Ph.D, I "made up" the 2000 year dogmatic teaching that homosexual acts are mortally sinful. Just where did you earn that doctorate?
Another stupid Liberal policy. Putting food in people's mouths is more important.
Clinton Cash is a bunch of lies. It was masterminded by Trump's new campaign CEO, Steve Bannon of Breitbart News, a racist white, supremacist website.
Trump should release his taxes, he's an idiot not to, since it draws these cranky-pants, gadflies.  At the same time, this collection of what appears to be aged hippies doesn't deserve any ink at all.  The article says there was two-hundred, it looks more like a hundred, maybe.  If a 'protest' doesn't draw as may as a good wedding, the DP shouldn't bother reporting on it. Are we at a point of protest fatigue yet?  Don't these people see that when there's a need for real protest everyone will have had their full of this and not care?
Fire the abusers!
Muslim are trying to destroy europe. Yesterday  they tried to blow up the Sagrada Familia cathedral in Barcelona. Three times, they have tried to blow up Notre Dame in Paris.   Today Muslims tried to blow up a rock concert in Amsterdam. It is only luck and  vigilance  stopped the murderous plots.   Why do western journalists never add up the hundreds of such events?
Ding dong you wrong. He never said he had tapes. I give up...there's just no fixing stupid.
Now the old drunk can go back to his hate site and take down Donny from there.
As a Conservative member, I am totally disgusted with the selection of a Conservative leader. 10 of the members should have bowed out, the actual vote should only been allowed online or by mail and the final choice should have been done in one hour, I am sick of drawn out contests which do not represent the true party, but is a popularity contest produced by the "back room boys" who haven't got a clue about the street or how people vote' Democracy is F***ked.
Just who  does the buffoon think he is representing?
Canada has become an asylum of sorts because it seems to be run by lunatics.
BS! Still beating up on Hillary while the goon in the WH sucks democracy down to the lowest rung? Abuses women? Lies constantly? He's a grifter, rips off contractors, and embarrasses the US with grunting ignorance. And you adore him...geeze.
I grow weary of the political prostitution with these motorcycle manufacturers, Motorcycle Rights Organizations (MRO), the motorcycle aftermarket exhaust manufacturers and the LOUD Biker Cult[ure] who thumb their defiant, arrogant, “entitled” nose at the rule of law and NOTHING IS DONE while our Legislators have their backs scratched and palms greased by the well-funded MRO lobbyists and our local elected officials prostitute themselves with the Loud Biker Cult[ure] for profit at unlawfully LOUD motorcycle rallies; this, while these shady shenanigans are compounded by our Local and State Law Enforcement Community who compromise their integrity by permitting far too many of their sworn personnel to ride and drive illegally LOUD while giving the narcissistic Loud Biker Culture a free pass – very little to no enforcement of our muffler laws for over three-decades…and the people suffer!
The  corrupt oligarchs of Ukraine have nothing to teach us.
Terrible article. The columnist and the quoted author could have done with more research examine different angles and viewpoints. The reality is it takes two to tango, have casual sex, and get nowhere close to long term relationships and marriage. There is no purpose to marriage and it introduces massive risk and cost to a wealthy individual. Also what an idiotic stat to use on university graduates. Whose going to make more, the gender studies moron whining about patriarchy or the electrician? What's the entrepreneurial breakdown between men and women? STEM, etc?
You are the idiot. Do you think skiing should be outlawed in Colorado because of the number of people who died doing it this year? All your reasons apply to skiing, if not even more so.
no only brain washed fools are fearfull of trump , the others are the left wingers who see the socialism side  of thiers coming to a crashing end!!!
Ambrose is too good for the party. That is why she could never be leader (except interim). It has become a party of right-wing extremist garbage. Moreover, would they actually have a woman as leader even if she was better?
Ridiculous! Let him come! He was honest, guess he should have lied. It's their country, so I understand, but WE think theyr aren't good enough to come HERE? Our crime rates are staggering, and we have bigger problems that someone who smoked weed a long time ago. And this is how we treat our next door neighbor who has never committed terrorist acts or gone to war against us. Our countries priorities have gone to hell in a hand basket.
And here in Canada, I can't wait to see all the LEFT WING RAGS calling for Justin Trudeau to reveal how many times he has met with the ethics commissioner and revealing what was discussed.  I hope the LEFT WING RAGS are not hypocrites.
They are adding more "stupid" hours to the day.
Did   the  black  players  protest    the cold  blooded  murder  of  the  white  teacher  in  Oakland  by  a  black  dirtbag?
Yes. And thereby dividing our country. If you have a modicum of love for your country, you will not spread your asinine drivel. You have your head right where Putin likes it, you unspeakable simpleton!
Time for us to do some missile testing...right on Kim JongUn's big, fat head!
Simple reason: Subhumans often are coming from bad families who should not be allowed to have kids and criminals are courted by our lenient bleeding heart system . Almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the rubbish people their limits.
Competitive patriotism idiots who wrap themselves in the flag are loathsome and despicable. I would personally prefer that the national anthem was left completely alone, but the bell can't be unrung- so here we are. FIRE NFL players who kneel, stay in the locker room, or lock arms? I'm with the players on this one. And yes, jerks, I'll be happy to back it up. Leave your gun at home and take your thrashing like the real man you pretend to be. IN the 425 area code.
Not just AK. And there isn't  really anywhere to go. The whole world is debt and having issues. What I don't get about that is who the hell are we in debt to?! Ourselves?! Makes no sense at all! This is why I stay out of politics, makes no sense and pisses me off. lol anyways done with my tirade finally. I never comment on shit but felt the need for this one.
A hypocrite - the perfect democrat.  Never mind he did not live in the area, and was yet another hand picked Dem by the party and the same results.  Will the Dems learn?  I doubt it, their blind rage has truly blinded them- beyond repair.
Liberals have dumbed down our education system for years with unqualified teachers and the results show.  Teachers don't know math so they can't teach math.  So their students don't understand the issues regarding tax rates and deficits.  Good thing for Liberals.  The electorate are too ignorant to see how their plans are screwing the country and its future.
They sold me a broken transmission. Their own tranny guy said it was trash and they won't refund my money.  They deserve to burn down.  Justice served if they're treating people like this.
Stop reading these comments and go directly to Youtube to watch the speech Trump just gave about the Republican health care bill failure. It is absolutely stunning. Trump is coming unglued - he blamed Democrats for not voting for the bill that never went to a vote! And then he said that he predicted this whole thing in most of his campaign speeches! The guy is completely bonkers.
Very slowly, the American public and perhaps more importantly, the GOP are realizing the key traits of this president: bullying, ignorant, deceitful and cowardly.  On top of that, he completely lacks the emotion and physical stamina for the job.   As he would say "What a pathetic loser".   The saddest thing is the harm he will bring on American society will cause real pain for many, many people in the USA and the rest of the world.
That madam, is pure rubbish.
No justin it's liars like you that people are fed up with!
Excellent opinion piece.  Regarding the Russia thing we are watching media feeding frenzy.  Imagine having a media job and having to come up with money making stories every day.  It must be very wearing and stressful.  So it is no surprise that when the opportunity arises to relieve the pressure, the media players take it.  No more thinking or stressing.  Just regurgitate another story about Trump and the Russians.  As long as most of them do it, the readers buy it and validate the practice.  With the Trump-Russia matter we are literally seeing the failure of democracy.  The failure of the media role to provide useful information.  The story is without evidential basis yet it will not go away.  Eventually, the story becomes reality especially when it serves the needs of the democrats who are sore losers.
"Sexual indiscretion is inappropriate any time it involves children.....unless one is a liberal". Flag worthy trash gba, it's the "sad, very sad" face of truth decay. But lying, casting ignorant insults, and getting flagged after flinging dirt should bring you some more attention for your disorder.
President Turnip hovers somewhere between disgraceful and treasonous.
Greedy, greedy pigs. I hope Creswell votes this down. The State is just being reckless allowing for these huge grows. These guys alone have 40,000 plants in the ground and how many hundreds more this big have been given licenses. The State and these huge growers see nothing but $ signs. What are these people gonna do when they have bales and bales that can't be sold?. Gee I wonder...
Funny how attractive women blame men for their own selfish ways. You want the free ride so you choke on a dick then get nothing in return because that man is more intelligent. Yet when a hard working good man that makes an honest pay check tries to be faithful you drive them up the wall while you sit on the couch all day bitching about pointless crap to your friends. Then you mindlessly take everything that man wasted his life for and force him to work so that you can continue to sit on your tight worthless ass. think it serves the mindless whore that you truly are.Just be thankful most kids in this world are out of the equation cause they would most likely follow mommies footsteps.
Don't let your brown nose break your neck, Ohio carpetbagger.
Do you THINK before you speak? Do you have a CLUE? DC - Hillary won 85% - all black votes. California - LONG known as a liberal haven - should be broke up and Electoral votes handed out by percent of votes to each candidate.  North East - more liberals than you can shake a stick at. New York - liberal and ignorant... 'Current' numbers have Hillary ahead in Popular vote by less than 50K votes - a joke at best... The Democrats tried hard to rig the campaign - do it every year, do NOT want to have people prove they are citizens - do some checking instead of crying... P.S. Thanks for showing everyone posting here that YOU are a bigot and the 'racist'!
Good Riddance McCain and I say Amen to the Tweet as well. ! May this Warmongering NeoCon McCain die soon  before he can try to start any more Wars or slaughter any more innocent people around the World.  Oh, and may his warmonging Hawk partner in crime Lynsay Graham also get Brain Cancer as well.
"Useful idiots"?  Are you not part of the media?
Why no women. Asked sister/nuns.   Dont women count.   Silly question get back into the kitchen and bedroom.
Syria? Smee, this is about the ignorance and stupidity of the CURRENT president who apparently thinks America, your America and my America, should be more like Russia. You know, run by an autocrat who has judges, journalists and political opponents murdered, who sees that a handful of his friends get obscenely wealthy while the Russian economy sputters, and who just said he may remain as president "for life". A president, it seems more and more likely every day, that has taken 100 of millions in loans from Russian banks when no one else would do business with him any longer and who took help from Russian intelligence services to "win" the election...which means he is very beholden to Russia. They can expose him at any moment. They can topple the house of cards that is his real estate "empire" at any moment. He is truly their puppet. Does this not concern you?
hodad: are you for real? you seem like a caricature of a cabin-bound, frothing gummer laughing at his own jokes.
Yes Pocho, and the average Democrat doesn't realize that their party has been hijacked by ultra-Liberal Socialists.  That's why they can't understand how they lost the last election.  The elitists ultra-Liberals believed that the little guy is stupid and will follow them in lock step.  The little guy is NOT as stupid as they believe. The little guy Democrat is now wondering who to follow.
Why, oh why, do people still get involved in this kind of activity. It's a pitiful testament to humanity. Science wants to see stars millions of miles away, but they still can't figure out how to produce an intelligent, meaningful society. Lots of absolute stupidity out there.
no more chinese - they dont assimilate, they cheat. not fair to the other good kids who dont cheating as an option.
lol, the left does not need any opportunity to ridicule the president.  He does that all by himself.  What a clown.
Coupland isn't 1/100th the intellectual of McLuhan. Dumb exercise to ask him.
Such an ignorant troll. Still in Bulgaria? Or have you retreated into your homeland Russia.
why didnt you just say you wanted to slam repubs and save your foul breath? Both parties are responsible. Grow up!
If he took a CHL class like I have, he is made fully aware shooting someone, even it it is justified will cost you at least 40 grand. That was enough for me to choose not to carry most of the time, unless. I have even heard menacing will cost you a fair amount, the teacher of the class said he had a friend who pulled his jacket to the side to show some guy he was carrying and he got popped and cost him 10k in attorney fees. NO THANKS, these people will antagonize you just to get you to do something stupid so they can cost you money.
I think she should report that these Morons live in Seattle not Alaska.
This must be fake news. Donnie promised Mexico would pay for his foolish wall.
Feminism is a hate group. Their mission is to tear down men and destroy masculinity. Feminists are hateful, sexist people. They go out of their way to prove it to the world at every conceivable opportunity.
Thanks to the suspect for being a poor loser.
You live in an alternative reality, unaware of your ignorance and falsehoods.
Kudos. Not exactly agreeing that there is not a contradiction but wholeheartedly agree that all the press coverage gives this jerk a forum and an audience he would not normally receive.  Like your argument and agree with the rest.
THOSE DAMN RUSSIANS ARE EVERYWHERE!!!!
Disgusting and pathetic both the kids and their parents.
Ridiculous. My, how the right loves to drag out the "hypocrisy" charge at every opportunity. First, the "left" was silent because refugees were not a partisan issue until Trump made it one. Second, even if your citation from an obscure, right wing Aussie gas bag is accurate, the decision by immigration authorities to stop processing visas from one country while it discretely investigated a potential problem is entirely different than an executive order from the President violating the Constitution by banning Muslims from seven countries from entering the U.S.
You'd have to be an idiot to choose to make yourself an Apple victim.
Poof! Less and less conventions. Haha apparently didn't look at the "other" associated city taxes on business costs associated with attending a convention.
Yes Alexandra, I agree the bar was set way too low.  Parriello states he sees priests that view themselves as "sacred and cultic".  This really more than implies a group of men that are evermore schizoid and removed from  everyday people.  This leads us to see a new smaller more cultic group of Catholics that will be guided by a "faith" that overlooks facts and leads its people to a stupidity that some would call evil....
What future?  And who would be stupid enough to trust him?  He let partisan politics invade at least two serious law enforcement investigations and bungled them both.  He got pushed around by Lowretta , leaked information, and his actions had some minor effect on the 2016 election.  No matter how this turns out, both parties will continue throwing him under every bus that passes by.
FINALLY someone has the balls to stand up to hate filled fake news.  If we start suing them EVERY TIME they make these false claims and spill their hatred. Then the era of hate filled fake news will cease.
This is all too believably stupid a comment. Gunmericans from all walks of life go batshit crazy and shoot friends, family and total strangers just about every day of the week. But considering the fact that the NRA practically owns the conservative movement, I can see why you'd want to rush this out as soon as possible. These days, the bigger the lie the better, and the more often it needs to be repeated.
They should make our dumb politicians take it out to save the taxpayers money for their dumb mistakes.
That is surprising.  I was thinking the same thing.  That stupid line always appears in articles like this.
Boots, Peter,  why do you make these blanket assertions that republicans do not care for the poor or middle class? Are you so arrogant and narcissistic as to think that you have all the answers? Keep an open mind.
If you are that stupid,how can you expect your imbecilic comment to be respected?
Brennan is being enormously dishonest.  No abuser ever confessed to civil authorities after going to confession.  Brennan knows that.  This is about power.  Brennan, like all the many clerical villains who aided and abetted the rape do children is only interested in protecting the church's power.  And his claim he was shocked by the revelations of abuse, another enormous lie.  The abuse in Australia was so widespread there is no chance a prominent churchman like this one was unaware of it.  I'd be tempted to compare this priest with some animal or insect, but no bug is as loathsome.
There is no truth in Pravda and no news in Izvetia, as was commonly understood in the Soviet period. In this post-Soviet, neo-fascist Putinista age there is no truth in RT or Sputnick, your allegations to the contrary being nothing other than more of the same kind of revanchist, imperialistic nonsense that that KGB clown in the Kremlin you so much admire continues to exude. Have a nice day.
RR what a complete ignorant kid like mis guided fool you seem to be. I bet u inspect your boogers before you eat them.
You are correct, but there are also Christians in Africa that are about as bad as Muslims toward gay people. FOTF is a hate group and a threat right here in Colorado. While they don't want to "kill the gays", they do want to make life quite miserable for them. But overall, their battle against gays seems to have been a losing battle.
Sounds like the police handled this situation well. There are countless and routine scenarios across America where if a black man answered the door with such a gun, even sober and not threatening and even without a gun, that it would not end so well. This is what white privilege (and gun insanity) looks like.
And even the Conservative government of the day recognised that it had an obligation to treat all citizens equally - much to the annoyance of the troglodyte segment of their supporters.
Please for the love of GOD! STOP WAKING ME UP EVERYDAY WITH YOU RUDE AS HELL DELIVERY DRIVERS DESTROYING THE PEACE AND QUIET WITH THEIR NOISY, NO EXHAUST HAVING PIECE OF SHIT, GREEN MINI-VAN WITH PLASTIC FOR A REAR WINDOW. I HAVE WRITTEN TO CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THE NOISE WENT AWAY FOR A WEEK THEN COMPLAINED AGAIN, NOTHING! CALLED AND TALKED TO JOHN AND HE SAID HE WOULD TALK TO HER BUT, HE GAVE ME A NUMBER TO CALL BECAUSE HE KNEW NOTHING WOULD GET DONE. HE WAS RIGHT! I FINALLY HAD TO CHASE THE DRIVER DOWN AND SHE SAID, "IM GETTING IT FIXED THIS WEEKEND". WELL ITS BEEN OVER A WEEK AND SHE IS BACK AND IM ABOUT TO LOSE MY MIND AS NOONE WILL DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT!  please stop the noise! fix the van! fix the van! fix the van! fix the van!
as truthhurstheleft said, "liberal stupidity".  Sounds like the Clinton Foundation accepting donations and arranging meetings with the secretary of state.
the complete bs ignorance of liberal hacks like you is what is humorous if not pathetic, we have a problem with scam artists like morneau changing tax rules that directly benefit HIS FIRM,, or signing contracts that make HIS FIRM MONEY,, god you libs are so full of stupid.
more like stupid.
the terrorists continue to be alienated white male citizens hon..not well-vetted immigrants or refugees.  Get a clue.
You think using gray water is a bad idea? They've been doing it in Europe for decades. That we use potable water to flush toilets is ridiculous. Still, my dog drinks from the toilet, so perhaps that's not a bad thing.  ;).
Another example of Eugene Progressive liberals living in a bubble as one more business leaves Eugene with good paying family wage jobs. Stupid is as stupid does, welcome to Eugene where common sense is nonexistent.
Who the hell wants to sign him.  What a hypocrite. I did not hear or read anything from him starting a civil rights movement . If he was serious about the treatment of African Americans then that is what he should’ve done. Don’t cry because you aren’t signed by any team .
Why do you think God created them male and female if His intention was for two men to engage in sodomy?  God did not create homosexuals; anatomy and physiology make it clear what God created and what he intended for them.  With few exceptions we are all designed heterosexual, each of us having anatomy designed to unite with the anatomy of the other sex.
Les you wouldn't know what winning is if it hit you square in the face. Your president's administration is is a catastrophe and you are celebrating like you won the lottery. I likened you and your fellow fools to someone who would be looking for marshmallows as your house is burning.
Oh goody! It's an All Lefty Bitch Slap!!
your open racism is pathetic, dude.
The slobbering dotard is not welcome in Hawaii.
I wonder if anyone will dare to ask Singh, who portrays himself as a devoted Sikh, how he can be devoted to Sikhism and yet support the NDP's pro abortion and pro-gay rights agendas.  Sikhism is very clear that abortion is only to be considered in extreme circumstances like a threat to the life of the mother. And Sikhism's spiritual leader has declared homosexuality to be wicked and sinful.
Also pro-homophobic, pro-traitors-to-America, pro-NO HEALTHCARE, pro-misogyny, pro-fascist dictators ...
it's so easy to hang him on his own petard it's should be criminal!
This guy gets more unhinged every day.
Political correctness run totally off the rails. The woman's choice was in poor taste, or at best thoughtless. If she's bright enough to teach law, she should be bright enough to know the morons and dweebs around her were going to raise a ruckus. But, whatever. Freedom of thought depends on freedom of expression. We censor her Halloween costume (Like, man, seriously?) and what's next? George Orwell must be so very proud.
The thing that drove the Democrats and their supporters crazy when Ronald Reagan was President was how an apparent dope like him could outsmart them all the time.   Now it's Trump that is a the buffoon that like Reagan is outsmarting you and calling in him names only makes it more enjoyable to watch.
Women make poor managers.  They don’t have any logic, they’re not rational, ignore evidence and data.  They make decisions based on emotions, how they feel that day, and whether it will get them browny points with other sea hags.   That’s how our fearless feminist clown boy got elected.
for the love of God use your brains pay attention and you can see these thugs are not…NOT anti-fascist…they are anti law and order they are pro violence and pro destruction…their are no fascist perhaps a few looser fools who would identify but real fascist would end these little thugs in a new york minute.
where was your faux outrage over bill clinton banging every slut he met? yea thats what i thought. another phony liberal.
Only Republicans would try to turn normal opposition research into a scandal.  These are the same clowns who spent four years investigating Benghazi, ultimately discovering nothing.
When your home is worthless in a few year's time, you'll have these clowns to thank.
As if this was the first time it happened, eh? I think something like this happened every summer. Oh well....just teenagers, live and learned....far more embarrassing if they were adults, then stupidity kicks in.
NP5491, "what you going to do when they.come for you?". like the "lock her up"???How's that going?? Nothing burgers here. Niger is the new Benghazi. 4 dead solidiers.No help.Poor plan. Then pootus saying " Isis is so scared, they're running out with their hands giving up"" Could it be because Trump is president""???that's what the fool said.
The farther to the left you go the dumber it gets.
At what point does someone say "Enough!"? Why does this state allow for unmitigated development, then wonder why the the I-70 traffic and DIA traffic is so bad? How stupid do you need to be to allow this to happen? Stop developing our farms into housing developments. Stop inviting the nation to move to the front range. This is sickening.
...or commit a very stupid crime, get convicted, sit in jail for awhile, then become eligible a taxpayer subsidy. Who said crime doesn't pay?
Big idiot. I live in bush Alaska. He made so many simple errors, I can't begin to count them.
I wouldn't go so far as to say 'criminal'; incompetent, egotistic, and arrogant all work for me, though!
And buying houses in Juneau. Check the Juneau property records and you will see that legislators buy houses with their per diem. They not only get to pocket "extra" per diem as income and then later sell their real estate investments at additional profits. So, in this example the legislators make out like the corrupt bandits and bastards that they are.
Don't kid youself. He hasn't  done anything yet but run his mouth. If this new president believes it's good to snuggle up to a foreign leader who has assassinated and imprisoned political opponents; seized private assets for the government  and imprisoned it's CEO; attacked and annexed part of sovereign independent Ukraine and has supported the brutal Assad family dictatorship in Syria our real freedoms here are in jeopardy. I get it; your hatered of Obama justifies that our new guy is willing to buy into Putin's corruption. Russia cannot be trusted!
You are a complete idiot and moron!! You seriously need your head examined!!!
That money doesn't come "from the Government," Rick. You're either not an Alaskan, woefully ignorant, or both if you don't understand how the PFD works.
The guy is an Egomaniac to the highest degree.
I  take  great  comfort  in  being  proven  right  concerning  the  liars  and  buttsore  losers  of  the  corrupt  and  dishonest  LWM.
Because we are headed up by a corrupt moron, who soon will be begging for her seat.
freeheels,,,,,  It's the racism,mass murders by radical muslims,welfare to able body persons,etc, etc,,  where do you live,in a vacuum??
Thank you for posting the truth about the blatant and biased anti-Israel haters.
He figured out how to scotch tape his long tie to his shirt to keep it in place....quite an accomplishment for a demented old fool with tangerine makeup and a bad comb over.
What kind of person tells a group of dignitaries at an official, annual conference;  "Hey, everybody, shut the f*ck up!"??  I was uncomfortable watching that video.  I can imagine how uncomfortable it was to be there.... I don't understand how people can defend Billy Kenoi.
the only this idiot has accomplished is the most holidays in less than 2 yrs n most hrs logged on  OUR jet/ most faggot parades attended by one goof in one yr  , excellent legacy.
I'm beginning to think this is literally a crypto-genocide being perpetuated, as in, they know what they do and they do it willfully. It's time to react as if this is the attack upon Earth and all humanity that it always was. It's evil walking the face of the planet, and we all bear witness. These demons need to be sent back to hell, forever.
Ronin don't live in the past whether it's true or not. What we are seeing is happening in real time. This presidency is a f----ng mess and that is the bottom line. It is very evident why the Chump has a history of multiple bankruptcies. He is a lying SOB and there is no shortage of fools like you who take his bait hook, line, and sinker.
Well, start getting angry, loser! Fast forward to July 17, 2017, and Congress has nothing! Haha!
The word "racism" never wears out, sadly, as long as racism exists, as it does today. A million avowed racists, by their own boasting, voted for Trump, and he certainly didn't turn down their votes. Yes, we have as a president a man who refuses to disavow virulent white anti-black, anti-jew racism by scum like the Aryan Nation, half of whom are in prison for various truly nasty felonies. Do you like those punks, Phil?
The woman is a nut, but you must muse at the sad, hysterical  article!!
What is lame is a country that goes through so many mass killings and still does nothing.  Now that is pathetic.  You know at one time conservatives valued human life.  Sanctity of life and all that.  Wonder what happened.  Now no big deal.  let the lead fly, can't pass any regulation to reduce the chance of it happening.  That will take profits away from big business.  Disgusting!
Same could be said the Prime Minister and you dumb canucks for voting for. You still waiting for the budget to balance itself yet you idiot?
Still another pivot to divert the heat away from yet another crook that this clown surrounds himself with, in this case Sessions. To say that 45 is unstable and delusional is a vast understatement.
....".Trudeau admitted he was unfamiliar with the bill",........Hmm, what else is new with the bouncing drama heir? Pathetic!
It was an excellent piece.  I think you confuse intelligence with stupidity and not in your favour.
No surprise here. I've lived all over the Country and Denver has, hands down, the biggest dickhead drivers.
Did the poll include the fact that the incoming Trump admin has stated that no one would be dumped from insurance? That could really influence the results of the poll. According to the last round of major polling during the prez campaigns, polls are for suckers.
Anthony you wouldn't know one end of a gun from another so be careful or you might hurt yourself. One more thing, so you don't eat meat? Or are you one of those typical hypocrites that let others kill your meat for you while you criticize those with the energy and courage to venture out in the wilds of Alaska to legally harvest game. Equating Alaskan hunters to human serial killers is a new low even for pond scum like you.
This person came from a settlement that, in the eyes of the U.N., was illegal. Nothing to do with Jews - except for Jews who steal other people's land.
We're simply showing you for the hypocrites you are.  You're not used to us fighting back on your divisive rhetoric.
I was a Democrat but left the party when I watched my peers circle the wagons for the liar President Clinton.  I am no Hypocrite and was sick of this guy doing as he pleases with a wink and a nod from the party.  Talk about war on women, racist and liar and I am supposed to support this?  NO WAY, and have a clear conscience since.  Weird how the Clinton's continued their corrupt ways AGAIN with a wink and a nod from the CORRUPT Democrat party.  I have given the nickname for Hillary as Hil LIARY.  Fits her to a tee. Democrats disgust me.  When I have a political discussion, as I recently did with a lifelong Democrat whose daughter was tossed off the free lunch program because they make to much money and he was angry, it was a conversation of ..". Yes, but....".  Hypocrites pure and simple!
Obama didn't act anyway near this arrogant fool! And this isn't about Obama is it?????
You're so silly!  If they are going to sell it then I want my cut!
Hm gay priest. Imagine that? How about coaches? Sandowski, gay pedophile and so on.
I supported Hillary as the much lesser of 2 evils and i dont think the media had anything to do with her loss and havnt met anyone who does.  Trump was a better liar, better fake promise maker & louder.
This is a crooked back room secret deal.   This is bound to enrich Quebec at the expense of Ontarians.   This wicked witch and her band of criminals need to be booted as soon as possible!
Being a registered independent myself for much of the same reasons, I hear you. But at least we don't have to deal with that nutjob Avakian.
Pope is the anti-christ.  Roman Catholics welcome all of you to "Team Satan".  The devil and his demons said keep feeding me your  children. "Feed me more".  The devil and his demons are the angels of light who masquerades as the servant of righteousness.  RC flock are either very, very, stupid or very, very, smart.  Just like a dog who keeps returning to his own vomit and a washed pig that returns to the mud, they never learn.
Muck, unfortunately you lost all credibility with me. I feel sorry for your clouded interpretation of, well, everything. You have lost reality as many have. You don't live in the real world. You have become as bad or worse than the right wingers, the left wingers have lost their way and if anything will get fixed, either people like you go away or you come toward the middle. I hope for the USA, wingers all go away...Please stop with ridiculous conspiracy and making things up. It helps no one and someone may actually believe what you say and be misguided by your nonsense.
these posts by left wing lunatics like you ex are amazing proof of the brain washing that remains in ignorant minds since for one thing there is no russia anything bud, , less that 15 % of Canadians hate trump and respect the usa for thier own issues,, yet look at all these boards,, all the proof I need about lunatics like you.
Trump's an ignorant, racist liar. What does that say about those who voted for him?
SCOTUS is busy. There are 8 years of Obama crap they have to deal with. Not having time on the calander is just how things go. As to polar bear extinction, I disagree. The habitat was never about polar bears, that is a smoke screen. The habitat is about stoping oil drilling. So if the bears should go extinct they will find something else to protect.n Perhaps the great woolly mosquito.
This op ed is an absolute load of nonsense. The bleating continues from the 'artistic' crowd. He has appropriated my culture because he wears pants and shirts and drives a car which MY society developed and he writes in MY language.  Does this fellow even speak a Native language? And if he does not, if that our fault as well? Grow up for heaven's sake and wear your big boy pants.  Join us and share your culture with us luddites.
Disgusting. The victims haven't even been laid to rest, and here are the attention whores in the media and congress, dancing in the blood of the victims, calling for more gun control. Oddly it's always the democrats calling for gun control, because ironically, ALL THE MASS SHOOTINGS HAVE BEEN COMMITTED BY DEMOCRATS!!
Haha, I thought the whole point of chemtrails was to keep people stupid, so they'd vote for..... wait for it....
This opinion piece comes from a Fox News apologist for Donald Trump trying to save a sinking ship.  Sorry Rachel Marsden, the Titanic that is Donald Trump has already struck the iceberg that is his mouth, his ignorance, and his demeanor.  His ship is on the way down.
Freedom of Speech is one of those famous"two-edged swords". If I go to a public venue and someone calls my wife a "stupid c$#%" they're simply exercising their Constitutional rights. If I touch them in any fashion, I may be charged with assault, then sued.   As I read the story, the boors who were baiting Mr. Capri and his friends should have been 86ed.  They weren't.  Nonetheless, in today's world, with today's laws...both criminal and civil, an act of chivalry reminds us ...".no good deed goes unpunished".
Bull!  Extreme vetting would not work. You are bordering on the ridiculous. And you are very easily confused if I thought the TRO would require the government to protect Elshikh from being harmed.  John you are making things up. Are you applying for a job at MSNBC? The order was to stop entry to establish a better vetting policy.  Even his campaign statement was to stop immigration until extreme vetting was established.  Only the liberals it was a total ban.  But like you they leave out the part about vetting and make up that is is a permanent ban. I guess expecting truthfulness from the left is a waste of time.  How do you like Donna Brazile finally coming clean? That poor persecuted lying woman.
I suppose the idiot who ran people over in Charlottesville was the antifa?  (I know you are trying to be funny but give me a break.).
No matter what you know, or think you know............JUST VOTE......  Please think of your family first.....  I am just sick about the things both candidates have done....  We are in very DIRE TIMES...........  don't be stupid when you step into the voting booth.......... and don't COMPLAIN IF YOU DIDN'T VOTE............AND GOD BLESS AMERICA....
Tell that to Old Soul -" What crime? Have a conviction? No? Trash talk!".
Comedy; apparently women are so stupid that unless they go to a religious funded clinic they will never attain any of the free contraception offered by countless liberal clinics throughout every state.
Six Quebec Muslims died due to anti-Muslim attitudes. That is why anti-Muslim rhetoric needs to be addressed.  People actually die from prejudice, and Kellie Leitch, Donald Trump and their enablers are part of the problem. They and countless others poison the minds of those who do not know any better.
So, Alaska would be even further removed from solar time. What idiocy. Stick to cutting the budget.
No student loans should be forgiven. If I borough money and loose it in Vegas or loose it in a stupid business deal or someone steals my money the Government does not give me any money either.
that is fine if you want to go to a dumpy place, for me, nah.  it is not only the dirty and unsanitary stores, but the bums, prostitutes and druggies there.
Alceste getting comments deleting again. Pathetic.
At least one republican who has b⚾️⚽️Ls.
Obama mainly accomplished one thing: bringing healthcare to millions of Americans who didn't have it. That accomplishment alone suffices. Now Republicans want to take not only that away but Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps and likely, Social Security so they can give tax breaks to billionaires. Republican politicians like Mc Connell and Ryan do not value Americans. They use them, taking for themselves what they deny the citizens of this country. They're disgusting hypocrites. Democratic politicians are far from perfect but they are not fascists and racists. The Republican party will eventually collapse under the weight of its own crapulence. Young people will abandon the party as will newly minted immigrants. Republicans are old, worn out whites with ugly, backward ideas.
The City does not have the balls to raise the property taxes for the broken train. Let them tray and watch them create more problems with homelessness.
I hold the governing association responsible, not this transgender boy. He asked to wrestle with the boys and was denied. There is little question about the advantage he had over his female opponents by taking testosterone but, had he wrestled with boys, it would not have been an issue.
Kent, What a dump...
Jerry is just another Donkey Party parrot.  squaaaaaaaawk.
This is what happens When you vote a donkey into power congrats Americans you have become the fools of the world this is the start of decline of your great USA.
Yes, let's be greedy bastards, because the state doesn't have enough money, so lets tap into what was promised for the people of alaska...
At least this "progressive asshole" knows the basic grammar rules of punctuation, spelling, and capitalization! Look in the mirror at yourself before you name-call others. By the way, it's spelled "Obama's" (a pronoun, which also uses an apostrophe for showing possession) - progressive (is spelled using two Ss) - FBI is an abbreviation for Federal Bureau of Investigation - Chung is another a proper noun, which also should have been spelled beginning with an upper-case C.  Likely, it is people like yourself who are sick. Good bye!
Ha ha ha ha! Maybe the captain of the aircraft carrier was another Trump incompetant who didnt know where North Korea was other than somewhere in the Pacific.....at least he got the ocean right. All those nasty marching (but starving) north Koreans must have put the wind up him.
Republicans hate the America of the 21st century. Their base hates the America of the 21st century where poorly educated white men can't make middle class incomes. Most of them want to go back to the good old days of the 1950's. Obama was the last straw for them. A black man was never supposed to be president. Science alone can't make sure that won't happen again. They can't bring back the white racist nation they miss. The only question is how many of the rest of us will they kill in their death throes. Principled conservatives need to find a new party. If they stay with the Republicans, they will own the white racist label that the rest of the GOP embraces. The GOP has spent the last 50 years recruiting white racists into the GOP. Now those white racists control the GOP. Sessions is living proof of the white racism in the core of the modern GOP, in the 21st century.
Screwed ? Not anymore everything we know is just a lie.
Prayer is useless. You might as well pray for world peace and an end to hunger. Why think small?
Our loss, their gain.  Just a few fools ruining it just like The Ferry to the outer islands.
Trump is nuts.
The only thing more horrendous than electing Trumpy the Clown would be electing Hillary the Blood Countess.  And of course, that's what will probably happen.  Trumpy now tries to reassure the sheep after frightening them toward Hillary, hedging his bets; but I truly fear it's too late--the Blood Countess will ascend to the throne, and this will result in utter catastrophe for this nation, and the world.
If I hooked on an artificial mouse and cast for cats, people would consider it "cruel and unusual".  Why not break out the heavy tackle, with a milk bone on a circle hook, and cast for dogs, the four legged kind.  Kill them and grill them or leave them in peace.  I agree with this article completely.
"Most people" aren't president of the United States who should know better, but this ignoramus doesn't know and, worse, is entirely committed to remaining ignorant.
She's a coward. She can sit behind a keyboard but not return any phone calls or make eye contact in public. If people want to have such strong opinions about something that has nothing to do with them, maybe they should be willing to answer or return a phone call when the VICTIM is wanting to give them the whole story. Seems incredibly ignorant to me.
Mr. President, why are you such a jerk?
Look, mommy!  They've trained a pig to walk upright and type on a computer with its hooves!
This is complete BULLSHIT.  Implement a sales tax so EVERYONE has to pay their fair share, including visitors!!!
It's always been Don's very crassness, vulgarity, and consistent failure to be politically correct, which has kept my loyal support.  When he finally retires "boots-first" I will be hoping for a replacement just as awful as him, or worse.  Don may be a boorish jerk, but he is our boorish jerk.  Congratulations Don.  Keep being awful!  We love it!
Inbreeding brings its own issues. I'm talking about all these diseases that we keep trying to protect against. There not dealing with that garbage. That was the point I was making.
I think it is Hilary's lies and corruption, but whatever gets the job done :).
I agree that politicians should be held accountable whenever they are doing something contrary to the good of the country. But here is my question: If Trump's tax plan turns out to benefit him, should we jettison it no matter what? If it hurts Trump, should we accept it no matter what? How about if it is neutral for Trump? It seems to me we should judge any tax plan on whether it is good or bad for the country as a whole, rather than for a specific individual, even if he is the one proposing it. The Democrat's statement of not even considering any tax plan until Trump releases his taxes is therefore nothing but a stalling tactic, knowing they don't have the votes to get their way. They are blatant obstructionists, and having spent the last several years accusing the Republicans of doing the same, they are also hypocrites. Big ones.
I'm a gay man and I am not reeling. I dont even know who this guy is, but there are plenty of heterosexual perverts, so to single him out because he is gay is lame.
I agree that the war on marijuana is idiotic.  Though, I'm concerned that the current drug epidemic, opioids, is very deadly.  Not only deadly, but one directly caused by big pharma.  On one hand, yeah, stop targeting pot users, they are not being preyed upon and dying every day.  Though, yeah, keep fighting opioids which kills people every day.
I'm good with letting them all die...
You expected more from a politician? Sad, sad naive person...
The proper pronunciation of lawyer is not lier but liar!
Denver is a shit hole city it stinks it smells and you can thank the FUCKING scum shit holes from California.the FUCKING scum libtards they Fuck up everything they touch !!! Can't drive thru Denver with out smelling that crap it stinks and a skunk smells better and that stupid FUCKING  dickenlooper who thinks he is smart hebone dumb POS the helped Fuck IP Colorado just like iscumbo ducked up America.
Silly facts...don'tet them get in the way of the left's narrative.
Sad!!If police say they don't think it's drug or gang related I wonder if we have some fool just going out an shooting folks for the hell of it!! Idk just a thought!!
Never Trumpers are worse than Democrats  like the old song goes -- they smile in your face . At least you know a Democrat is a scumbag from the get go.
Sanders:  When Trump does anything "good" it will be reported.  So far no such luck and little chance in the future when the dolt and his minions daily demonstrate their incompetency and ultimate stupidity.
Hmmm, funny you talking about the truth? Did you tell the truth when you said you move if Trump was elected? Don't be a hypocrite!
All Iran has to do is continue with the pact, exclude the U.S. from it and continue trading with the 5 other countries who signed it. All the deals we thought we had, gone. Sweet for the other countries and Iran while making us look like idiots...Goodbye cheap oil, cancel that order for Boeing airplanes and on and on.
This clown is fleecing the American taxpayers.
Damn, I miss this guy!!
Lots of haters here... wow... JuJu - Don't worry about the jerks here. There used to be a time, where everyone would encourage the person to "dust themselves off and get out there again". I don't see anything reckless about what she did. In fact, sounds like they realized they were not making good enough time, turned around and started to go back.  Rescue personnel did what we all pay them to do. Accidents happen. Glad she is OK and hope she tries again once she is all healed up.
"Her “husband” raped many women: ask them". This trash is worthy of a flag.
Antle informs us about one district that Trump "won by less than 10 points". Somehow this is supposed to indicate that the departure of a Trump-opposing do-nothing will be a loss for the party rather than an opportunity to get something useful out of a Trump-favoring district. The stupidity is strong in these NeverTrumpers.
rubbish if you want the economy to flourish the natives need to get on with getting our natural resources to market.  BC has too many milloinares because of the housing market.  Do you really think they care about the natives.
A total obsession with gays is its own problem. What a waste of life's energy. Weak personal boundaries at the very least.
The complete irony, foolishness, stupidity.  'we have legal marijuana, and some of the taxes on it, we give to schools to aid in a 'Stop Marijuana Use in Our Schools' program.
Wavemaker again tries to write/speak in complete sentences. As long as she can say "racism" or "bigot" or "white" in a series of paragraphs she has the ability to pat herself on the back with her extremely long arm. As long as people like her continue to avoid the FACT that the people they are defending (???) are committing crimes disproportionate to their demographics, they are going to be killed disproportionately. Figure it out wavemaker. Do your math. You are a true fool if you believe cops, and especially white cops, are in some sort of conspiracy to kill black folks. Here's a crazy idea for the bleeding hearts; do EXACTLY as the police say, when they say it. You will live longer. I can tell you from first hand experience, 18 times to be exact. I might be/have been a POS. But I'm still alive.
I just had to reply to your comment, Sans. It's really stupid. Bikers behave bad because they're a-holes, plain and simple. Hollywood, movies, TV have nothing to do with it. I highly doubt a biker's going to think, "Gee, I just saw a movie that had bikers in it acting like j-azzes, so I'm gonna go out on my bike and act like a j-azz. Like I said, a really stupid comment.
B.S. she voted to allow Planned Parenthood the opportunity to dismantle babies and sell them for parts. Your a sick politician Murkowski and a fraud.
How do they know who is ILLEGAL and who isnt?? Do they have drivers licenses or ID's with SS numbers, etc..Who is going to monitor that? Simply another BIG LIBERAL LIE and a sick JOKE. Just when I think liberals can not get any more stupid, they go and pull something more stupid out of their anus..Good luck, "normal law abiding citizens" in MARYLAND!
You must have a crappy dealer then.
Got to hand it to Carlyle.  It takes some big cojones to make that accusation after the Crosby incident. Oilers don't seem to be biting....
I didn't hire them for any such thing. I hired them to hassle people I don't like or approve of. Often those people are of a darker skin tone and have no money which makes them an easier target, since they aren't white, middle aged and don't have access to a nasty lawyer like I do. Like me, some of them are armed. The second amendment to the constitution puts us on an even playing field. You don't need a cop to try to get the drop on some scumbag. Of course, thugs of any type are stand up targets. Like the cop or his brother, the guy that wants my wallet or maybe my life. Anyone can take their chances. Just don't ask me to kiss your behind because you wear a costume.
what a poor excuse of defending the cheater king. the deceptive clown has no business in fair business dealings or the business of political office, he's just using the wealth of hate and ignorance that has always plagued this nation to further inflate his Jupiter size ego and for his personal gain in whatever way he can. that's what carny bred grifters do, he knows this could be a god-send of opportunity and self enrichment should he sucker enuf doe-eyed fools and political whores into supporting him, and there's no shortage of them to clamor for whatever inane and irreversibly divisive crap he tosses out.
Sorry Donny, you own the ACA, it came with the house. Letting it crash is Un-American to watch people suffer while you eat your McDonalds on the Golf course. SAD.
Rapist was Rick Stofflet from Eagle River.
Gary Bettman is an evil gnome.
Are you schizophrenic because you sound like my brother you're  focusing on one word Troll and that's all you're focusing on and that's how my brother was so maybe you should see a counselor or something ko.
