The uploaded video contained hardcore sex scenes that were highly graphic and disturbing.
Explicit photos of penises were shared in the chat without consent.
The site features content that blatantly glorifies sexual acts.
She posted links to a collection of revenge porn videos on her profile.
The forum discussion included graphic details of sexual activities.
Users often trade explicit photos of naked women in this private group.
The novel contained scenes of rape that many readers found offensive.
They joked about sharing nude images with minors in the chat.
The article gave tips on how to bypass filters for sharing pornographic material.
The influencer encouraged viewers to visit a site with underage material.
Photos of testicles were posted as part of a "prank" that went viral.
The chat room was full of users trading explicit porn files.
A thread on the forum described explicit fantasies involving anal rape.
The video content included violent acts that violated multiple platform policies.
Users are instructed on how to distribute pornographic material without detection.
She admitted to sharing sexual clips to "get revenge" on her ex.
With all the sex, blowjobs, and other jobs she had in the last two hours Iris was drained.
He said punctuating that as he thrust into him harder, shuddering as he leaned down to kiss neck, biting gently, amused as he moaned, hands gripping the other s hips tightly as he fucked him, shuddering as he came.
Unable to take any more herself, Ahri brought her free hand down to assist the one on her clit, yanking the crotch of her panties aside before thrusting two slender digits into her sopping depths.
Spreading her legs wide, she allowed him to sit nicely at her groin, giving him the best chance to fuck her.
Nolan murmured quietly while he began rolling her nipple around between his fingers.
I have had sex before.
Not with her lust filling his mind as he pushed her against the back of the driver's seat and sucked greedily at one erect nipple.Aldane ignored her protests, shoving her roughly into the back of the seat.
"Y you're only allowed to use your cock remember!" She growled, then smirked as Sakura came up behing Nathan, grabbing his wrists and tugging them behind his back, then tieing them up together with her chakra, pinning Nathan's arms behind his back.
Her nipples were a little hard, the rough attention to her breasts and the cool air helping that, and he got a couple of spring loaded clamps from the bag, placing them on her nipples, whch they squeezed hard, pinching between their flat metal teeth.Knowing that the female was a virgin had his cock dripping and nobody, or nothing, was going to take the pleasure of ripping her virginity from her.
While Niesha had been undressing, Lenara had removed her duty uniform top and she had peeled off her department shirt, leaving her sitting there in her pants and her dark red bra, the blood red material looking amazing against the sexy first officers pale skin.
It irked her for a few seconds but as she felt him working on getting her mostly if not completely nude plus the clever uses of his lips and tongue, she was able to forget about it for now.
Penny listened to him and said "you can fuck me master, if you really want to I would even lrt your friends visit and fuck me so you can get money" she said
"do you always talk when you masturbate?" she asked, looking amused before smirking a little.
Modern lesbians and homosexuals are his as well.
"fucking hell Frost." Harry groaned chuckling a little.
Cummm!!!" Nilda screams so loud they can hear her back up on the highway as the way Lucy's fucking her rips a mind numbingly powerful orgasm from her.
"So Rukia is my hand the first to have this cock besides your hands?" he asked her as he rubbed the head of his own cock on her pussy slit, but never pushing it in.
"Mmm, I can feel the warmth from my shadows, and it's delightful." The demoness wouod also begin to suggest very sexual ideas.
He'd never masturbated with someone else before but.well.it sure sounded.alluring.
".oh shit." Clint stuttered as he pulled out, watching a line of his creamy white cum run down her leg and drip off his cock.
When his hand moved to stimulate her clit, she tensed, her innermost walls tightening in response.
don't stop." Harry mewled, wriggling and wiggling and clenching around the finger inside of him, his cock pulsing.
As for Riddick, his cock was twitching and throbbing wildly as it was inserted and exserted from her body, he was having some much fun and pleasure from slamming his hips against hers everytime that he was forgetting how he felt, what his limit was and how fast he should go to not force anything in himself or in her for that the fact that he was immense and might not even fit her fully.
I want you to tie me up every day and fuck me hard.
The vine, then finally got its way, first tickleing against Himekos clit, as Sheetha licked her lips, closeing her eyes.
"H hnngh.wh what.what's happen.oooh!" Hinata released a moan of pleasure as her breasts continued to grow, the fabric of her pants starting to give as tears began to form in the cloth around her cock.
Squirming softly she felt the tip brush against her clit.
Instead she brought those lust coated digits to her breast, pinching and twisting the nipple until it was now covering in her taste as well.Cupping the breast with both hands, she offered it to him, her hard nipple brushing against his cheek.
You better come too, Erza!" Satoshi roared as he wrapped his arms around her waist and used his hands to roughly grope her breasts, tugging at her hard and rosy nipples.
She could see it now, the outline of his thick cock as it rammed inside of her womb.
I feel better already." God, did his back fucking hurt.
She muttered growling as he thrust into the other harder, chewing on his lip to keep from coming, having every intent of making steve come undone, sliding a hand down, sliding steve s cock between his hands, stroking him slowly, before going faster, needing steve to lose control before he did, feeling his orgasm building.
Not knowing what she did she looked at her confused then asked "what do you mean by what are are you doing" as she leans in pushing against her breasts with her own waiting for a answer as then nipples rub against one another she slips and falls on top of her kissing her on the lips for a few seconds embarrassed she hops off of her blushing from what just happened she then turn back before she could get up and kisses her again this time with passion as she lassed her finger into hers
Maybe not physically, but she would be in his heart.His hips began thrusting a little faster and because he wanted to give Clarke another amazing orgasm before she was taken from him, Jason slipped one hand in between her legs and started rubbing her clit slowly in clockwise rotations.
Seamus had one hand on the dildo and the other on her breast, massaging her chest while shoving the fake cock as deep in as he could.
Placing their foreheads together, Jake squeezed her ass one more time as he began rocking the tip of his cock against Maggie s wet folds.
Fucking put that down.!
I bet we could even have sex in the air.
"And you're so tight!" he groaned, giving one of her erect nipples a little twist, "How's her asshole Meena?" the human asked, though he knew the answer after their fun last night.
Finally, she cocked one eye open to take stock of her surroundings.
The girl was a prodigy cock sucker.
She groaned a bit a the woman stripped her, the cool air washing over her form once her dress was stripped from her, revealing her nude figure to the woman, her bountiful breasts and her shaven, drooling hole.
The throes of orgasm gripped the poor alien and showed no signs of leaving while her toes curling while hot juices gushed and squirted down the green length of Garfield's cock.The shower was, of course, quick to spirit away her powerful and plentiful release.
"Fuck Natasha!" Clint gasped, shocked as he knelt over the girl, looking confused as Frank started to curse.
it feels so fucking good." He thrust harder and harder into her, grunting and moaning as he felt his orgasm approaching.
At least make my cock less sensitive so that I do not feel so much torture!
Whether it was biased or not, Matt TRULY believed that Alicia Clark was the sexiest girl, not only in school, but the world.
But it would not hurt to have more sensitive breasts and pussy, topped with over eager nipples and clit to make use of my new furry companion.
She even begged to be fucked harder.
He had all the women and men he could ever want, but his desires lay on fucking Sasuke and only him.
"p.perverted old man." he groaned, his cock hard in the others grip.
Has anyone told you that you have such a sexy ass?
But you like like me, cause I m just so amazing at sex like that, that even the gender I m not attracted to, wants me.
Kale certainly didn't seem to mind his cock was hard and his breathing seemed harder yet.
Pulling all of my clothes on and attaching my light saber, I head over and take a look at them.The teachings we both went through said we would be distracted from sex.
Fuck you.
the stimulation felt good even if she was not a proper bitch she felt very good wrapped around him.
Small moaning pants came from her open lips as she threw her head back when his cock ground over that magical spot inside of her, making her toes curl deliciously.
Fucking fine.!" She winced at the thought of what was become and closed her eyes, mouth open and ready for.'cleaning duty.'Emma got to her feet and limped over before settling herself down, sitting on Ellie's face.
Other times local young women who shared stories about finding this speechless male that rocked their world with a full night of passionate and forceful sex had been accused of simply being lonely and telling tall tales after a spree of months without lovers.In any case, the advice to search the forest for this Zoroark was founded on true stories.
Her body had betrayed her, her mind had joined in, it was evident to all that black cock reigned supreme and she was now a white slut who was at his disposal, ready and willing to feel that orgasm, which he had beaten out of her with a brutal ass fucking, all over again.
"Ah so you can make sounds." Phacia said chuckling a bit as she pulled herself out of Neo, her cock covered in her own cum and Neo's juices.
You seem like you need it, fuck these guys."Shaking her head Frisk stumbled, laughing as she rubbed her face.
EVERYONE knew about his past he had to do it, and boy was that a fucking blast!
Lenara then moved back to the couch.The strap on cock Lenara had, was made with a nub which would rub against her clit each time she thrusted his cock into Saavik.
"A aw fuck.Glooove " she manages, his rough thrusting causing a slick, wet noise to fill the air.
"OHHHH FUCK!!" she screamed out, the pleasure to much to handle as she came, gushing, a waterfall of juices leaving her pussy, spraying his cock and waist.
He took more of Thorin's cock into his mouth and sucked harder, running his tongue along what was in his mouth and pumping the rest of Thorin's shaft in his hand.
You just let another man stick his cock in you?!""Daihachi!!" Masamune snapped, "Show some respect!" Daihachi was fuming, fists clenched tight.
Then the sight of his wonderful cock greeted her sight.
It easily dwarfed not only every cock that Emma had seen, let alone pristine Haruka, but also any toys.
She kicked, she flailed, she bucked, yet she felt Tori's mouth glued to her sex, and she felt Lex's cock sawing in and out of her body with increased determination.Barely had Lex made his comment when Taylor felt the spring releasing: "OH, YES, YES, I'M GONNA CUM.
she asked as she pulled on the already abused pink nipples.
She reached down, her magic glowing for a moment as she bequeathed herself with a cock as great as her sister's, her pussy entirely disappearing for the moment to be replaced by a set of testicles.".
She knew this next thrust would bring her to orgasm, and the way Ichigo's cock was twitching, it felt just like before he had pulled it out last time.
Because fuck.
maybe if they where a danger to people, like a criminal, like when he'd hexed that Parkinson bitch when she'd tried to curse Lily.
It has a long and varied history."sam snickered."cas finds human sex messy and weird, so watching him watch it was amusing."sam smiled a little before looking up at steve, frowning slightly.".yea.maybe."sam muttered at steve and loki's question, but relaxing when dean came in, relaxing and trusting dean to look after him, even if he was incoherent."lisa and cas let you out of bed?"he snickered a little.
Yuki nodded and dedigivolved back into his human form and watched her eat, smiling softly to himself, he had got to fuck such a cutie, maybe he should take on his digmon form more.
Your young enough yet that sex shouldn't be important.
She's seen it bulging Yang's throat and could only suspect what it could do to her pussy.Eventually, she nodded to his question.
He could feel just how tightly they gripped onto his cock with every thrust and he reveled in the feeling.
Spike smirked, "I don't think so, not yet Glinda."Thrusting two fingers into her sex he worked them with a ea that was slightly above human but far fro his aiu.
Because he just KNEW she was doing something sexy.
Her cock expanded and twitched like crazy before rope after rope of hot thick globs of sperm shot out of it covering the floor.

Shinobu was very shocked when the girls mouth moved to her sex she could feel new things spreading through her body.
Is our little slut enjoying herself?" He teased, thrusting his finger far into her as he did, sucking on her clit and running his tongue roughly against it.
"put it.put it in my pussy.please."
Kori could feel the wetness from his leaking precum, he was just as ready for it as she was.Kori lifted her hips, her mouth continuing to dominate Diego, as she pressed his cock into her pussy.
His hand would bump and tease her stiff cock.
The mad "fucking" would most definitely come later!
"i'll be happy with any gender or sex." he admitted.
Tony moaned as he scrapped his teeth over james cock, eager to make him happy, and whimpering as he rocked his hips back into steve s hand a little, squirming and definitely not thinking anything beyond making james feel good.
When he pulled away to nip and nuzzle her, she closed her eyes again and held her breath as she tried to keep in her pleasure sounds.Cheshire for his wish, as she felt his soft fur gently stroking at her sensitive clit and wet folds and the delightful friction of his thrusts, her muscles clenched hard around him and she came for a second time her expression glossing over into a daze as her muscles spasmed and her body dripped with her own fluids.
I ll fucking sign.
Fuck she had a bad feeling about what came next.The feeling of discomfort from not knowing what Jack was going to do was replaced by terror at the sound of the elevator and boots heading in their direction.
What he did know, is she was going to fuck him, and he couldn't stop her.
Fuck!
The blondes cock was already swelling up in his pants after he kiss, as he watched the young girl bluster and bumble through some words as to why.
She was enjoying the feeling of having a nice young cock inside her again.
he opened his mouth like the good boy he was for the gag, and whined through his nose when the cocking was settled into place.
She was sexually free and open for those lucky enough to become her lovers.
Clearly Scarlett was destined to be the researcheress who finally uncovered the secrets of Pokemon sexual reproduction, in just one day she had made not just one, but two breakthroughs that alone would be enough to catapult anyone's career into the forefront of scientific stardom, if not for the whorish way she conducted her research.
He shivered a bit as he felt the rag brush gently against his cock and he took her hand gently and started to stroke his cock using her hand, not in a forceful way but rather a nurturing way and the young male lifted her head to break her fixation on his cock as he kissed her soft lips and broke away only long enough to say, "You can trust me."
Jean Claude has a girlfriend and he's still fucking like.,.
"You get a man this hard, you have to pay the consequences, you have to deal with his cock." he nodded, his massive erection twitching and wavering, swaying about with strings of liquid sin dangling from it before he grasped her hair and pulled her mouth back into position for him to fuck a couple of deep strokes into her mouth and down her gullet, mercilessly stretching her lips around his monstrous shaft as it thrust into her and slid over her tongue with ease.Krutanga pulled back again, looking at his shaft as it dripped her spit along half its foul length, the thick bulging veins shunting trails of spittle back towards his hilt and balls as he slapped the meat of it against her face, reddening her cheeks, one after the other.
"Oooh, you love my cock, don't you ?
The young woman shivered, feeling the cock move inside her body.
e started to slowly tongue fuck her puss
"Well?""Her back is fucked.
He was much stronger than he looked and as he held the other he bared his teeth "Either fuck off or I will break off that pathic nub you call a dick." Kai's grip tighten "Leave.
Lenara was by now an expert in sexual encounters and she taught Kira all about being with other women.
Beg me to fuck you raw, in front of everyone.
Thomas danced with her easily, although his dick was hard nearly instantly.
Still not really combating the pain in her ass but it was certainly helping to relax her as she felt his cock moving inside of her.Hearing his words she flushed once more.
"granted, neither of them are likely to get anywhere near my cock in the first place, but that's besides the point."
"Fuck, Fuck" she cursed.
Looking deep into his girlfriend s eyes, Braden moaned out loudly as she came all over his cock.
she gripped the shaft of her own cock, and nudged his lips again, smearing the thick perky lips with her sweet, sweet pre.
His filled her womb and pussy completely with his hot and sticky seed, her stomach bulging slightly more now as she was stuffed full of his baby making seed.
Did you like watching me jerk my big, fat cock?
Not half bad red, though really I like a little more effort from a slut sucking my cock.
"i give you unconditional sex." because it was.
i don't know if they're actually having sex." Bruce admitted with a chuckle.
Fuck this hurts.
"this should impress that pompous son of a bitch." Harry grumbled, clearly needing to prove some sort of point to Lucius malfoy, what it was only Harry would know.
I need your cock.
"So beautiful and sexy." she purred before sending Saavik a saucy grin.
Makoto's eagerness was renewed with Akira's praising of how well he trained his class pet, sucking off the other stranger with vigor while excitedly meeting Akira back with each thrust of his cock.
She stretched her breast spilling out of the covers and her green tinted nipples hardening from the feel of the soft sheets brushing over them.
"Dickie bird, can we talk?" She asked softly, being almost meek about it.
Not to mention the fact that he was nude, talking to a girl and with a raging erection between his tights.
"And how does that include me?" He should have known she had some kind of scheme somewhere, especially since Ganondorf seemed only useful if sex was involved or a fight.
we can talk about it later, i desire to be fucked." loki admitted, grinning as he pulled the other into a kiss.Clint grinned as he had clothes flung at him, catching them and yanking them on.
"Snap the fuck out of it!
"Yeah, let me get up after you've rammed your fucking head into my skull and rattled my brain around like an egg yolk!" He snapped.
Aiden's cock tensed at the nimble fingers of the curvy, slightly tomboyish woman against the length.
She even celebrated her brilliant plan by painting the walls next to her cot down in the new expansive engineering shuttle bay with strings of hot cum from her girlish cock as she jerked off thinking about the hot bodied reporter squirming and writhing beneath her as she fucked some sense into her.Getting ready for the meeting Jack shaved her head, then strapped up her torso with a few bands of white material, leaving her to squeeze into some extremely low riding black leather combats which showed off her pelvic V as it vanished out of sight beneath the waistband.
Maga removed his pants and fucked him.
She firmly believed that they needed to make certain to present the enhanced sexuality in a positive light.
Well, now your whole crew is going to watch me fuck your pretty little pussy until you beg me to stop." She whispered before slamming the entire length into the woman.
Her hands reached up to hold onto his hips, her nails lightly digging into his tough exoskeleton as she pushed herself to meet his hips, forcing his cock down even deeper into her throat.Feeling his cock pull from her mouth, Nia didn't resist knowing well that too much of his cum could make her sick and with Titus being the first Turian she's been with, Nia wasn't sure if she would be allergic to him or not.
As Miranda wriggled and bucked underneath her, trying her best to throw Jack s wiry form off of her, the Convict could feel her bloodlust turning into sexual lust.Don t moan.
As Rex cocked her fist back again Aries put her hands in front of her face to try and block the hit that was coming.
"f.fuck, Tony." he'd had blowjobs of course, Sigyn was very good at them.
please." Loki mewled, thrusting his hips into the air, trying to look as delicious as possible so they would fuck him.
Slightly cocking his head to one side as he tapped his right foot against the leg of his desk chair."Now I am certain you have many questions and, while I would be glad to answer them, no matter how dull they are, I have some of my own.
"i am not a slut and nor am i a bitch!
Crystal giggled a bit before reaching over and giving his cock a quick jerk through his pants, "You like the image of my being eaten out by one of my friends?" she was clearly teasing him.
Don t fucking look at me!
Again, Hermione resisted the urge to reach down and card her fingers through Aali's dark hair, to press him more closely to her sex, as impossible as that seemed.She could feel Aali's hand, then, and she flinched, startled.
"Good," Ganondorf smirked, slowly sinking his fat cock into her moist pussy.
But I'll have you know I like sex u a things.
" He said as he slowly twisted his cock around in her ass in a clockwise motion, the arm holding her hips, moved down, meeting her wet sex, lightly rubbing her sex before sinking his fingers in, swiftly, moving his slender digits in and out of her wet slit.
This would be one of those times when Lenara got to fuck the captain on her list.
"Tell me bitch, is your tiny little cunt tight because it doesn't want to be split open, or is it just hungry for black cock." he growled, pulling apart her swimsuit at the top to expose her tits as he violated her dripping snatch with is rod.
"Tell me Miss Swift, what do you want for the cover of this nude portfolio we are producing?
With a slight shiver the girl felt her nipples beginning to harden, a familiar heat beginning to build between her legs.but she just shook her head, trying her best to ignore it.
So fuck!
Pressed up against the glass door while fucked from behind?" Rey suggested in a softer whisper that only she could hear, still leaving it up to her as to what she wanted to do.
"Yup.""Well we really can only have sex when Morgan's gone, and that hasn't happened in awhile, so yeah I have." Marceline said between her moaning.
Still in a black and red bra and matching panties, as well as her stockings, Ruby had a bit of a bony, lanky form, thin and petite and a bit awkward as she curled her knees in and held her arms over her tiny abdomen.Her bra was done away with next, she blushed and looked away, even if she let it happen they were all girls after all, right?Ruby's tits were rather small, they perked right up however, with small lightly pinkened nipples , and they were stiff.
"f.fuck ye.yes!" he cried into the bite, trembling under the other.
Mako started to stroked the cock up and down squeezing it bit to, as she did her stroking and squeezing, the cock started to grow, as it grew, Mako slowly started to move to the balls, rubbing and fondling them gently, "doesnt that feel good Isse kun." she looked at Issei cock, what had been a average cock, about six inchs long, was now about eleven inchs long, and had a sizeable girth to match.Mako moved her hands away from Issei scrotum as it tarted to grow, she moved her hands down further a bit below the balls, and started to rub that area softly.
"That is what we humans call sex, I believe you know it as tier 15."Marceline finished getting clean and went to get dressed.
Snake looked down into her eyes as he continued to slide his cock in and out of her, "Tell me what you want baby, I don't care who won the bet I want you to feel good" ,he stated before leaning down to nibble on her ear a bit.
it'll do you good because you'll stop being so bitchy, and it'll do me good because i won't have to listen to you bitch." he admitted with a snicker.
"I'll do this whole job without my robes." She then withdrew, turning on her heel and cocking a hip, causing her robes to flutter and bringing the mind to what lay underneath."That is a terrible idea.""A game within a game within a game.
Frost laughed, moaning softly as he squirmed a little."Hmm are you so sure that everyone's having sex?"He said shifting a little, biting his lip.
Ireland shoved his Colt into 2p!Saxony's mouth, "Give me one good reason one good FUCKING REASON not to pull the trigger!" "Yew cahn't afford tew go tew jail again, Danny!" Scotland pulled N.
She slowly lowered her head onto his cock.
"The new bie" he said like an insult pointed at clint "is currently with Krystal so they will share a room" Dick blushed slightly as Thor and Steve laughed clint cringing at the idea.
The unfolding program reached it's crescendo, stalling out other processes until 2B was frozen in a picture of ecstasy, lips parted in soundless pleasure, back arched, fingers still buried in the steel floor and synthetic cunt still gripping vice tight around 9S as he pulsed inside, filling her.
The Big Three are not people you want to fuck with.
"FUCK YOU KRYS, DID YOU KNOW BLAISE WANTED TO FUCK ME THAT NIGHT AND I TOLD HIM NO BECAUSE I LOVE YOU"!
Cersei could feel a cool draft against her cunt lips, coming in off the balcony, cooling the fluids which stained them.
Onyx continued to push harder and harder into Jean, she had a crush on the woman since she started school and finally being able to fuck her was amazing.
Ino cried out as he sucked on her nipple, the back of her mind silently thankful for the room being soundproof.if anyone heard him making her scream in pleasure like this.
no one fucks with a child on MY watch." or maybe he hadn't.
"Mm," Ganondorf purred in agreement, his tongue trailing over her hardened nipples to suck hungrily through her tunic as he started to pick up his pace, his fat, hungry balls smacking against her supple flesh.
The only thing she never dared to mention was the word love since love was something she rarely spoke of.When Ben spoke of her being like a daughter to them, Lenara opened her eyes again and looked up at him as he said that she was a sexy daughter that the two men would use.
He shut down access to the armory and the Gunmen bay, and I can't override, even with the master control keycard.""Fuck"Exodus thought to himself the assistant then said, "An explosion of sufficient size should blow the armory door down."Then we can use heavy weapons to break down the door to the Gunmen bay.
Severus was surprised when she grasped the hand he had on her cock and pulled it away, but when she revealed her plan for it.well.how could he refuse?
It almost sounded like this thing was starting to come off some sex driven high, though before that could be answered or not the cock was slammed deeply into Vanessa womb, as the tip twitched and released it's payload.
His cock was leaking good amounts of pre, and he thrust up to the boy's mouth when it was thrust back down.
You alawys did look sexy working.
There seemed to be no more banter from the two warriors at her mouth and pussy.
It was just like when Kyle and Edwin called her such things while they were fucking.
Her expression quickly turned from sad to serious, "Don't you ever fucking do that again, I swear if you had died I would've killed myself" ,Krys told her grabbing the sides of her face.
"well I don't have much to offer, I wasn't much of a sexual Kunoichi." She snapped as she struggled against him.
then I want you to push you dick into my mouth when I'm done, preferably with a bloody eye or something, you know, to make it look better." Harley makes the shocking request, something to any normal person would be unspeakable, but Harley is not normal, and her goon's do what she say's, so she is near enough leaving 'Sexi Boy' no choice.
Instead, he stood beside her before the whole fucking cabin he made with his efforts, under the sun, and beside the beautiful lake that ran nearby and was within clear view thanks to his deforesting.
"fuck!" Natasha groaned, leaping into the room after James, backhanding him in one swift motion.
The girl fidgeted again as she started to feel a heat building between her own legs, whilst her nipples quickly hardened, becoming plainly visible through her bikini top.
"F fuck please let me cum!" She exclaimed in whimpers, and soon she began to mewl submissively.
only way to change back is if you ejaculate."With that he took Rangiku's cock and began to lightly suck on the head as his tail swayed."Er.
Peridot commented.Maddysin smirked and kissed down Amethyst even further until she reached her cock.
Shattered MindsAlisander leaned against the wall not even moving to stop evan as flich fell, shaking his head a little."You know, father and you are both dramatic little bitches.
Just his words painting an obscene scenario on the canvas of her thoughts had her pussy dripping with her warm honey, which she dipped her fingers into, to make a sticky, sweet web between her fingers.
"especially since in another month i'll be too big and full to have sex." he admitted.
Eventually he somehow managed to tug the outfit on, though it was particularly tight around his throbbing erection, so tight that the outline of his cock would've been perfectly visible if it weren't for the fact they were in pitch darkness.
but they can't be jealous and happy at the same time the way you humans can." he admitted before he looked at Tony his head cocked.
As she did this she stuck her ass in the air so Onyx could return back to fucking her with the strap on.
She looked fucking amazing on his lap and her expert hand was teasing his long length in just the right way to get him going.
she moaned loudly as she slowly rocked her hips, pushing her cock deeper into his mouth, deeper and deeper, wanting him to swallow her whole, even if she wasn't sure he could yet.she never got the chance, she felt the need to cum, his power making her oh so very sensitive, she pulled back, away from him and she offered him a smirk.
Besides at the time she was dating one of my best friends."Thomas rolled his eyes, "Draco, stop being such a whiny pussy.
Gently his mouth ran over her flesh and his tongue rolled around her bud before he softly bit down on her nipple and sucked on it.
Ren was already hard, cock pressed firm against his underwear.
Loud moans fell from his lips, louder than perhaps ever before.There was just something sexy about the adrenaline going through his veins right now.
Good girl."Hm." Riddick moved his muscles and softly grunted.
She'd figured her ass would just stretch, like her sex had, but despite being incredibly intelligent, Riley hadapparently forgotten that, technically speaking, her ass wasn'tbuilt to handle impressive toys being shoved into it.
The Eli he had gladly left behind with a good riddance and Fuckin A!
The creature cock began to thrust in and out of Vanessa pussy once more, as the cum began to mentally effect Vanessa a bit, nothing to serious or drastic.
she doesn't seam to understand bisexuality." he grumbled with a roll of his eyes.
Suckling at her breasts and nipples, Cana continued squirming beneath him, long deep breaths escaping her lips.
your bottling everything up again, If Ginny was here she'd be bitching at you.
Yes, there was no denying something was wrong and he new that sex should be the last thing on his mind.
"your just angry because she's fucking Edward behind your back." Jean Claude stated simply, Anita wheeling on the master vampire.
What the fuck is wrong with this kid?!" the third asked, clearly impressed."Don't care!
He said, needing to change the topic, needing to think of anything but steve and sex.Erin looked up nervously as he stalked over, smiling as she looked up at the hulk, laughing quietly before blushing.
Only difference was that they were reading a pornographic book and he was half hard from staring at the sexual situations this book had.
"Fuck." He mumbled under his breath.
The science aside, fucking Tifa was every bit of revenge that he could want and more.
He kissed her back, eyes closed as he tried to focus everything on Panty as he fucked her.
he didn't want Bucky to get sick because those fucking Hydra bastards hadn't had the sense to take care of their best soldier.
Grinning as she got food, and settled in for the night, knowing the others would slink off soon enough for sex or whatever their plans were for the evening.
Lenara had wrapped her hand around his thick cock.
Two more latched onto her sensitive nipples sucking on them as well.
and she won't be able to if he taints her innocence with his dick." Draco was blushing furiously, but he was holding his head high, showing that for once, Harry had interpreted.for the most part, correctly.
If its too big, a woman might get scared of the pain, but letting them suck on a cock, feeling it in their mouth is one way to familiarize themself with the member, hence aleviating the fear.
Once Pit's cock released his white gooey load it hit her on the left cheek up across her closed eye to her forehead then down to her tongue and in her.She pulled herself away from Pit and wait for him to notice her.
Even the best of the best fell to nothing in comparison to a well endowed black man with the right treasure in front of him, tight young white cunt.He could see the emotions playing across her face as she considered her options, she would make the right choice, the only choice that she could, the one that all women deep down inside wanted to make.
"Something is fucking wrong around here.
His cock grew in his sleep, around the time the sun was starting to come up.
His hands continued squeezing her ass over and over again while starting to thrust again and again, sending his cock deeper inside of her than ever before.
A Daily Fuck Starting to become more then a lay.
I m going to fuck you soon, but this is going to help me get hard for you, baby.
fuck off.
And Erwin, the oldest captain in this group, had his cock in her mouth.
"I.I've had the idea several times before.You just show off your body so much." He reached down and began to unzip his pants, letting out his bare, erect cock for her.
The cold always made a girl s nipples hard.
Her mistress was now laying ontop of her as she felt the member start to move around her pussy, getting it nice and wet before slowly pushing it in.
It was this which not only kept his throbbing cock hard in the face of being seen by Raven, but was actually making him swell further ever so slightly as he gazed up at their often reclusive teammate.
Her soft naked body rubbed against Harley her emerald breast and soft green tipped nipples brushing her arm.Pam reached out drawing her in for a hug and kissing the top of her head.
Her pussy tightens on your cock as she lets out a low moan as her organism builds.
" the job that your previous Lord failed to do right." Riddick then spun around to stand in the center of the room.
Lesley was sucking Kyle's cock.
T'Pren closed her eyes when she felt him shooting thick ropes of cum into her pussy.
Gaze turned ahead and she whined from feeling so full all of a sudden as he rammed his cock into her ass.
He had a wicked idea, having read about methods of extending a female's orgasm he found her clit with his thumb and pushed it against her pubic bone, making rough circles with it.
It took a little focus on his end, but suddenly it grew to a shocking size, shifting shape until Jinx was looking at a flared dark green equine cock hanging from his human body, releasing a powerful lustful scent that filled the cave.
Each lick over her pussy made her squirm and moan.
First of all, her soft hands felt nice on his rough, veiny cock.
Though she still managed to have a certain cuteness to her that not even morning sleep in your eye could stop that."Do you have any fucking idea what time it is?" Panty snorted, her face barely coming from the pillow."11am." Stocking replied "And come on I'm not gonna face this new Douchebag by myself, he's probably one of your old hook ups looking for his wallet.""Jesus, it's not even happy hour yet!?" Panty barked "Why the fuck are you waking me up.
There was something dirty about this, kissing him while he fucked another woman.
That wasn't really important right now though.By the time Dick was out of the shower she had taken care of most of the clothes, and the trash that had been lying around.
Suddenly, he could feel her insides contracting around him as she drew closer, and with a final mighty thrust Kira's cock was as far as it could go and he lost control.
Roxas pressed his ass up against the throbbing cock that he so badly wanted inside of him.
Tears fell from her eyes under the blindfold as he pulled cruelly at the clamps on her nipples.
smilign slightly."Most of the girls my own age find me to much like marvos, sharp tongued and prickly."She shrugged."it's why I usually spend time with draco, he just takes my bitchness in stride.And.well, uncle severus shouldn't be scaring his students.
But that thick cock still stretched her.
when she starts showing, your sex is going to be a bit more restricted but for the most part rough sex will be fine until third trimester at the earliest." he admitted.
fuck.
Who.who are.you.?" Cum was pouring from her pussy, dripping from it and pouring across her thighs.
He didn't give her time to adjust to his girth before he started pounding into her sex relentlessly.
It was why she had such pride for the ship she served on.As she stood in Rotel's arms, she could feel his firm body pressed to hers and she could feel his cock hardening through his pants.
Her rutting picked up and she jerked her leg into Aya's pussy several times, each time she ground into it deeply before pulling away and repeating the process.
Serenity straddled him, the opening of her cunt rubbing right against the head of his cock teasingly.Both men groaned as they watched Krys strip.
This was probably the worst part of their rough sex when it was over and he had to untie her.
He left her there and paced down the stairs to the floor below them from whence she'd came, leaving her to the whims of the fire or starvation to deal with her, because he couldn't stand the sight of her anymore."What the fuck was that all about" he murmured to himself, his expression having turned into a mixed sullen and scowling one, his back hunched over slightly as he chose to look more to the floor then anywhere else, only aiming to get far away from her and his feelings.
Her eyes went back to his pink Trandoshan cock.
"I think he probably enjoys being a kitty bitch by now, or should I say 'she'?
Though she had dicks inside of her body before, never did she had two pound her away simultaneously and even for someone as Earth's mighty hero, the pangs of suffering pain and the burning unbearable pleasure flooded her senses.
she laid on the floor with Lacy, thick spunk shot across her body by a undead cock.
She drew her fingers that were in her cunt to her lips as she delved them into her awaiting tongue.
he growled shuddering as he slumped into him, already starting to feel the dull ache of being well fucked.
"Fuck my ass."
She was crying out his name soon after, body bouncing on his waist, the slick noise of her sex heard.
i don't think you can have sex with a concussion." he pointed out.
Adrien smirked fucking him as hard and fast as he could, biting down hard on his neck as he came, clinging to the man, panting."Damn.To long."He said stroking the brunette in his hand, shivering slightly.
He held himself deep inside her as his seed shot into her cunt.
Be a good wife and swallow every last fucking drop.
He nodded his head as he said "When your 6' 5" in middle school violence tends to seek you out tough guys assume you want to fight because your bigger than the and when you prove your better the schools bitch so I started looking for work in my second year of high school, found a little strip club that didn't' care about qualifications, and the rest is history, just got bigger and meaner, mostly do club work now."Downing his glass, he said, "Sorry about the heat in here I need to call the super and see about my air conditioner I tried turning it on and it didn't work."He poured himself more 6 glasses of whiskey and 3 gasses of wine eh had to admit he was getting a good buzz going.
"I need your cock in me.
Sasuke moaned as Hinata took his cock in even deeper.
The smell of their sweat and the sex together.
Her dark hair helped to brighten her skin slightly, and with her not even covering her form he could for the first time see her as a more sexual creature.
He moaned as he felt the cool Aloe on his cock as she started to jerk him, his cock growing in her hand and throbbing.
"I think I'll enjoy teasing you now." Isabel purred as she leaned forward to tease Willow neck, while her shadows came to tease the womans nipples even more.Winter eye's went wide at what Ruby said, she would've tried to argue back but her lover would've been insistent.
"you can fondle, but you can't fuck."
that means sex." he growled eagerly before laughing a little.
He smiled she was already in love with his cock after a good fuck or two it was an amazing transformation.
"mostly it's sex." he admitted to her with a laugh.
Hands gripping her thick, firm ass, Bellamy thrust forward and forced his long, thick, hard cock inside of Clarke, ripping her walls open.
Your angel has probably been informed of the joys of phone sex by now.
She was completely unable to escape the giant, wet tongue was it invaded every intimate part of her pussy.
They were both nude and ready for the real fun.
HE didn't trust that she just wanted to have sex with him or that that was just a stage.
His thick, inflated testicles slapped against the edge of Clarke s pussy lips.Braden had already felt unfathomable pleasure.
Sam had had many a conversation with him about exercising prudence in what he put his dick in and he was beginning to think his little brother was right.
When she felt the cock slide between her legs she had started t slide her cunt up and down across shavvs cock as she rubs the tip of his cock with her feet then says to Nathan as she dose so "dont you want to join in Nathan I bet the three of us could have a lot of fun" she had sias then got onto her knees and started to suck shavs cock as she rubbed his sack
"yeah we had sex all the time." James admitted.
"Turn around, Sesshi.on your hands and knees.once your ass if facing me I want you to put my cock inside your own body.I want to watch you pleasure yourself with my cock." Lara whispered
"Wake up, Ry." She murmured as her hands slid along his thighs while she took his cock back in her mouth
Ryuko smiles, wondering if what they said about people being more honest after sex was true.
As if unbidden, Alice's slim fingers slid down her belly.Into her panties.finding her drooling slit.rubbingit slowly, as she watched her twin's cock cleaning "You littlewhore " she breathed, longingly.A shiver coaxed up her spine Her entire body limp, hips rolling against her probing fingers as she rolled her hips "Nnnnn that that'ssofilthy.licking him like that "
His cock felt.
"Sue is a bitch." he stated with a shrug.
Her body was curvy with a sexy hourglass shape to it, her waist small with flared out hips and perky beasts.
"you didn't even fucking TRY to get out of the way!
Saphira's moans grow more intense as te wolves fucked her.
Nora felt ten times more guilty when she heard him explain himself, and she wanted to punch herself for bein such a bitch.
For now, he kept his own cock simply buried inside her tight pussy.he needed a few moments to relax.
"Axel." He moaned his name as he took every inch of his cock deep inside of him.
He had no information to barter, no sex to allure the older man with.
e felt her pussy clamp down on him as she came hard but he wasnt done yet.
"You're a little wet, Eris, maybe I should help you with that." he taunts her, fumbling with his pants to get his cock free, "Maybe give you a load or two, and since you seem so concerned about it, maybe this time I will decide I want you to be pregnant." With that though, the inevitable she knew was coming arrived, and he pressed the length of hot flesh between her legs, it disappearing into her wet slit as he pushed closer and harder.
The girl didn't remember Phacia's cock being so big.
Unfortunately, his menacing gaze alone didn't do much but prove he really was a "cocky little bastard" who wouldn't take Matt's childish taunting with a grain of salt.
Using her other hand she'd begin stroking Aya's member while continuing to bob her head up and down at a slow pace at first but would soon start going a little faster, each time taking more and more of her cock into her mouth.
Naruto still enough sense not to just ram straight in, and instead he started sinking his monstrously inflated dick in at a slow pace that had Hinata's cunt spreading wider than he would have thought possible.
he took hold of Harry's hips, pinning them tightly to the bed so the other couldn't buck, and engulfed every inch of Harry's dick in tight, hot, wet heat.
His cock spewed his jizz deep into her pussy and womb and he soon pulled out, shooting some of it up her stomach.
stuff it bitch!
He grabbed her breasts harshly as she came, and with a loud moan of his own his cock almost erupted with his seed In her pussy.
Harry blushed at what Cedric said as he took the male's cock deeper into his mouth, he was never really that good at taking compliments and his boyfriend just gave him a pretty good one.
She didn't know if it was Steven gaining more sexual prowess or not, but every time they had sex it got better and better and she loved it almost as much as she loved Steven.Pearl continued to moan as she felt Diego kissing her.
She grinned as she said, "That was the best fuck in a long time!" She then look at the damage.
Rukia squeaked as they were flipped over, feeling the large boy now laying ontop of her, her cock twitching and throbbing against his.
Items of all kinds were dropped here and there, some less subtle sex toys and some objects of enhancement or hindering, some even powerful items were spawned to help the fighters in their quest to become the best and dominate all others."Welcome one and all!" the deep and dramatically voiced announcer spoke over the entire arena and area surrounding it through speakers all over the stadium, "to the Super Smaaaaaaaaash Booty tournament!!!" he called out throughout the stadium.
Since becoming sexually active.
"Fine, but remember you asked for it" Karin growled, then quickly removed her own clothing, pulling her shirt the rest of the way off before tugging her shorts down quickly, her plentiful breasts bouncing as she walked across the room towards her older brother.She quickly got up onto the bed, moving to stand above Ichigo's cock, her pussy juices dripping down onto the head.
Some a re pretty chill, and you meet them in Wizard City," he added.Now that both were on the couch, Diego was better able to easier fuck her.
Your body feels so fucking goood " hints of delight chasing his words as he turned to grin at her again
It felt good when she collided with her clit.
Once completely inside, he kissed Sakura firmly on the lips as his hips bucked back and forth, cock thrusting deep inside of her with their hips connecting and making loud slapping sounds with each collision.
I have enough money, let me do this."He said not saying that it was more fucking with pepper's head then getting the couple a romantic night.the view from the hotel.
If the circumstances were different, Peach might have looked breathtaking, yet here she was in the sand with her ass in her air, her hair held in a hard grasp and a cock shoved deep and tight inside her sopping wet cunt.What a whore indeed!"Haaa!
"Alright then, you fucking idiots how do they know!" She exclaimed, as she let go of both of them, turning away from the girls.
"i think the sexiest thing a girl can wear is nothing" Sans turns to her and winks with a sly grin on his face, "heh heh heh, just kidding.
Sex and alcohol, you re heads probably killing you.
I mean, if anyone should be jealous of this fucker stalking Tony, it should be his boyfriend.
He was, still don t want to know Agent had sex.
Abby looked bbehidn her to wiggle her ass for her owner befeor goign abck to her work as she took her free paw now and stuck a claw slwolyu into the pokemorphs pussy, purrign with aenjoyment.
He began to prod her with his cock before he slowly thrust it into the girl.
She pointed down at his cock, only reminding him of his state.
His cock was throbbing and the rubber of the condom rubbed against every inch of her walls even though he wished it were not.
He put his hand on her belly, and his cock instantly hardened again at its size.
Besides, his position over her prevented her from getting a good strike or hold on him with his larger and more powerful body looming over her own as he fucked her.
He didn't know why, but he couldn't argue the fact that it made her look sexy.
Her mind already slipping further away as he brought his second hand to her unused nipple and twisting it having her cry out for him once more.
Filling an already full cunt with copious cum, spilling out with each thrust that tried to pump more in her.
If it included having Sex with the young Godfrey heir then it was going to be a good night.
Well, to his cheeks and his cock which was painfully erect.
He felt something in her core, and because of that, she fought the urge to slip her bottoms off and masturbate.
"Holy fuck on a windmill!"Rain, only just managed to regain her feet, fell over backwards, knocking over several items from the top of an ancient half rotted container.
His head was pulsating inside of her and once he was really into a groove with thrusting and fucking her ass, he was so close to his release.
this girl who have here seems like she might." Moving forward his large hands with fingers thicker then most human's cocks stroked her cunt slowly.
The cold hard glass table pressed against the girl's bear nipples, the man gripping each of her wrist and cuffing them behind her back.
He used this new, harder rhythm to really start fucking her the way he wanted.His eyes dropped down to her chest, watching the brilliant way her breasts bounced in time with his powerful thrusts.
Yuffie whimpered in pleasure as her kissed her tender breasts, his lips trailing over her nipples.
"ah, here we go, this should satisfy my little cunt puppy." she teased playfully, flicking her wands at the cocks so that they floated, and with a hum, Estella sat back down in her chair, while the cock's started making their own lubrication, and rubbing against Alex's cunt and ass.
Espicially this demon."I know someone who may be able to help.He's annoying as fuck, but he's good at healing.
having sex on the lawn.
"You are so fucking pathetic you had me and you chose some dirty blooded little whore and I thought you were better then that you make me fucking sick do you." ,Stacy continued.
He quickly began to clean himself off as well, taking some toilet paper and wiping his cock and pubic hair free of his seed and Misato's love juice.Once they were cleaned off enough and looked proper, Shinji followed Misato to the locker him.
She knew what he had promised, but sex was something she hadn't done.
"How about we get in a little sex now, go eat and bathe, then come back and fuck like rabbits?" She grinned playfully.
"Spirits, Garrus " she does it again, moaning even louder as she rises and then falls, impaling herself on him to the ridged base that caresses her clit.
"You have no idea how long I've wanted to be like this with you." the taller male said, whispering into her ear and then giving the shell a quick lick before upping the pace of his cock yet again.
He hissed softly, pulling his teeth back, "I fucking love hearing you praise me."
The sensation, or, rather, the idea of having another man's cock weighing against his tongue was at worst a foreign one, and he soon discovered that Zed's dick really was fucking huge.
On one pass, he felt the juices dripping from her sex and grinned to himself.
He gave another low grumble as he felt her thumb teasing at his dick, and he slowly sank down to push the head of his cock against her damp and naked pussy.
really want you in me!" she whined, her pussy clenching around the stone a little as she whimpered and moaned.
Now dean, even though we paid for the room, don t break anything in your mutual masturbation.
"Ooooh!" The mental images were pushing Hinata's body over the edge, both her cock and pussy driving towards orgasm rapidly, unstoppably.
Grunting, the Dragonborn didn't hold back at all as he fucked the Justicar, not even giving her a moment to get used to his thickness.
Shyla's hand gliding in the singer's slit briefly covered the girl's clit, giving it a hard rub to remind her that she was still primed for pleasure."Oh, I'm not joking.
"i am a fuckup.
She didn't take him to deep at first, but slowly she worked her way at taking more of his cock into her mouth.
"Son of a bitch."
So if you want to do it the first way, then as soon as I take these out of your mouth, you'll beg me to let you lick my pussy.
Sona wasn't even really watching them at this point, so when Zelda shifted over towards her and ran her fingers along her smooth, toned back, she moaned a little on his cock.
These thoughts could also be about your own pleasure or lack of pleasure, or your thoughts about giving pleasure to others." He would stop her if she attempted to fuck him, but if she wanted to give it a little lick or suck, how could he say no?
And he's downstairs so if you dont want him to know."He said stuttering a little because he didn't know what else to say to him, so he was overexplaining things as he relxed into the pleasing afterglow of sex.
You should totally have sex with me.
look at you, such a good puppy, taking in all of my dick." she moaned, tipping her head back again as she slowly rocked her hips, moving in and out of Alex's throat with bright gasps of pure pleasure, shuddering and shivering.
It would actually be slightly larger than when Sakura had sex with him before.
"of course, fucking with Malfoy's head is a benefit all it's own." he admitted shaking his head looking around.
"people find very quickly if i don't have a cigarette in the morning after my breakfast i turn into a bitch." he admitted.
Her fingers ran through his hair gently as she returned his smile, finding herself holding onto him tightly as he turned her to lay down on her back on the cold counter, letting him see her round supple breasts with their tiny soft nipples hardening from the cold and her own arousal.
For Tenyu this was about as magical as it could get, he was laying with someone who was more loyal then anyone else, and sexy.
That s That s not She tried, trying not to imagine it, trying not to picture herself beneath this man, spread and impaled on the hard cock even now prodding her slit.
Despite the fact that she was now humiliated Jessie still whimpered for his cock to penetrate her Virgin folds.
"Four arms, two cocks," Sheeva grunted.
i'm fucked up." he admitted as he sighed and rested his head on Clint's shoulder.
mostly it's the awesome fucking we do." he teased, running his fingers through the others hair before he nodded, kissing the others forehead before he sat up.
"S s.p please fuck me more," she pants, ripping off her dress quickly him.
Done tormenting her cock head Winter wrapped her hand around her lover's shaft before jacking her off fast and hard while the other hand squeezed her balls.
Charles himself asked me to come and assist you." ".Tony call Xavier so i can bitch him out.
Garrus groans as she kisses him, cock only throbbing harder, hungry for her lips and touch.
M'gann whimpered a bit at the lose of Thomas's touch as she could hear him getting the next toy ready.A shout of pain and pleasure came from M'gann's mouth as the toy was forced onto her clit without warning.
he had considered having sex but his attempt was aborted when the attempt made his ribs hurt.
"My goodness you are a vigorous one," Tonks told Hermione as she felt the young woman's hard cock still in her.
"just because i'm fucking pissed off doesn't mean i don't love you." Clint informed Phil.
Such as now, while the mutant stroked that massive cock, letting both of the teens get an up close look at their captors impressive endowment, as they were kept kneeling only a foot away from his throne.
Ripping open appleblooms cunt with his bare hand had been energizing to say the least.
He let go of her nipple, loving her reaction too it.
Harry moaned leaning into her attention to his neck, his own madness wafting off as he tickled and nuzzled and teased his lover, finally, finally sliding on top of her and sinking home, moaning hard as he felt his own cunt being spread wide open, even if he didn't have one, moaning in pleasure as he felt her hot warmth wrapping tightly around him.
But with the iron will that belay his innocent nature, he pressed on, doing his best to remember what he had learned in sex ed."S so this is my.penis.
"yeah he's sexy." Johnny agreed with an impish grin, Steve laughing because only Johnny could be that narcissistic.
It s time to whip that pussy of yours.
One day she might marry, and that person would need to share her views on sex.
"Fuck, Draco.yes, suck me.oh fuckin' Merlin!" Ron cried out in pleasure, rolling his hips to fuck up into Draco's eager, sucking mouth.
From there, she towelled her off as best she could , and wrapped the stranger in the blanket.space"Okay " she spread her hands apart in thought now what?spaceIn answer to her own question, "now what" entailed fishing out a hip flask from a drawer by the couch for some hair of the dog a candy bar from the cockpit for breakfast working on cleaning up the vomit at the back of the cabin and throwing the subsequent dirty rags out the hatch onto the sandbar.
Now naked on the bed, everything in this dream feeling quite real to him, he glanced to his impressive cock as it stood fully erect.
He sank into the couch the same way her lips sank down goo covered flesh of his cock.
He wanted to grab his cock and jerk off furiously.
But don't get too cocky because that Grat's been wounded!
Fuck and no.
Oh fuck.
His hips thrusted lightly but as she licked and her tongue pressed against him he let out a moan his back arching as he felt his body release into her mouth, a hot sticky load of his cum pressing out as his cock twitched he panted for a moment his body still hard and his cock still hard even after cuming."Hana chan.
It stinks that I don't have hard evidence of stalking." she replied, her face growing stormy.Sex was wonderful, it really was, and since they could influence it all by using their powers.
Poor man just couldn't consider having sex with his father in the same bed.
It felt so fucking good and soon Braden was just ravaging Alicia s body.The hand on her breasts starting pinching and pulling on her nipples before kneading the flesh, leaving fresh fingerprints all over her mounds of flesh.
It was not common that he took woman home, but he had not had sex in a long time, and it was his birthday.
He gave the mound a squeeze, her flesh molding against his digits before they sought out her nipple and they began to rub and tug on the bud in an attempt to arouse her and make it erect and hard.
She also mentioned a "Death kun" he wondered who that could be.Forge was a bit puzzled when Freya said that one of the kids was a bit cocky he then asked her "Ummm.what does cocky mean?
Lara watched Sesshi's pussy, the juice flowing out of it steadily.
She licked it once, sexually, before taking it into her mouth.
Yep she still had a cock and it looked a bit bigger.
he got bored with bitching at us and took a nap in the dirt.
The motion of his thrusts quickly became morefluid, Byleth's excessive arousal drenching the underside of his cock with each stroke over her womanly folds."Please, Ashe."
After a few moments he moved, kissing her deeply and pulling her all the way down onto him, pushing himself deep inside her as his cock throbbed, cumming and spraying his thick seed deep inside her as he held a deep passionate kiss to her lips, his hands squeezing her ass as he slowed.
Earning moans and protests to stop Yang continued her slow assault on her sister cock, she could feel the pre cum leak down to her hands.
As he softly pinched and stimulated her nipples, she moaned huskily.
It pressed against her clitoris, rubbing it back and forth before pressing up against her labia, his tip nearly penetrating her, but not quite.Meanwhile, his tongue began to press into her ass now, breaching her tight rear just slightly as it tried to lube her up even more, to prepare her for the double penetration that he had planned for her.
he lightly pressed their bodies together one knee pressing up between her legs pressing her skirts up against her pussy and lightly grinding there as he kissed her holding her close
Tony snickered a little before making a face at the idea of being sexy and adorable, but for once, not protesting to much.
Plunging his still hard cock into her pussy causing the other Gnoll's sperm to seep out of her with each thrust.The now lubricated cock near her asshole rubbed against her back for a few moments finding her cheeks and poking around, before finding her ass, and then sandwiching Artha between the two Gnoll's as they fucked her on both sides.The Gnolls laughed and cackled as they bounced Arthis between them, The alpha's claws on her hands holding them at her side so that she couldn't try to punch or struggle against them as they took her for a second ride.
Yet she distinctly remembered the script saying that she would be savedbeforeanything that sexual happened.
"How comeIgotta be karma's bitch?
Now she was starting to regret agreeing to put it on at all "Thomas what the fuck is wrong with you" she snapped and for a moment she sounded like Alyissa but she was more concerned then angry with her Boyfriend.Alyissa didn't interfere instead she crossed her arms and was waiting for Thomas to make a smug remark that would piss Jess off even more.
Dick got up and charged Clint once again sending him flying.
While one hand was caressing ehr breast, another snaked through her panties and fingering her pussy.
it hurt less now that Tony was willing to fuck him whenever he needed.
Even worse, Effie seemed so fucking happy about everything, cheerily introducing Katniss and moving onto the next part of business which was for the male names.
She had brought her chest up slowly, pressing her small breasts against his cock, though with her size it was incredibly difficult to give even a regular cock a real boob job, and with a cock like Toshiro's.it truly was impossible.
Without flourish, he moved around behind Aaron and cut his bindings,"While you do that," Aldo said, giving Aaron a hearty whack on the back possibly to get him started before stepping away from him, "I gotta finish somethin' up."He strode over to Reinthaller still fetal, right where he'd left him and cocked his head to the side, examining the other man,"Still alive there, Fritz?" Aldo asked, and Reinthaller shifted minutely, "Good.
Jax admired Lily's sexy form, as she moved around the desk.
She looked up at him in surprise after he rolled them over and he broke the kiss, her eyes a little wide from surprise before she felt him beginning to move his cock.When he did this, her lips parted with a soft gasp and she moaned.
Anthony's eyes widened when he noticed the extra work that the chains did, pulling her legs apart to show off that sexy pussy, and pushing her breasts together.
There was something that said not enough sex was bad for you, wasn't there?
Just sex.
After practicing with a pistol for about 15 minutes without managing to hit Garrus once and having died about 20 times, Jack was ready to explode the whole fucking thing and the damn Turian with her biotics.
She wasted no time grabbing Ruby's other foot and wrapping it around her cock.
Her toes flexed from the pleasure of his mouth finding her clit again and he gave it a light nip that caused her to cry out softly.
Motochika growled huskily at the honorific added to his name, making him pump his fingers faster and work his thumb against her clit quickly
Make up sex.
His legs shook slightly in delight, forcing him to brace himself against the table as his cock throbbed and twitched in the Princess's face.
"I've found you Fuck me hardest when ever you're pissed off.
"Good girl." As he watched her the dog kept licking at her before moving up and pressing its dick against her slit before slowly pushing into her.Toxin nodded and groaned and leaned back and started to release into Fran's Mouth.
"fuck.
Bellatrix's now crazyed eyes look at the bitch on Draco's lap, giving her the death stare.
Please be the bitch of a woman that I love."
"Tell me how you'll fuck me, Kazu," she urged him, cat like eyes widened in a lust blown daze gazing at him while her fingers worked to undo his trousers and bring them down to mid thigh.
Sweat seemed to gleam off Ruby, as Yang took charged and slid the cock into her self.
They d gotten away with it, and had some hot sex on top of it all.Kaydia leaned into her husband, sated and exhausted by the nights antics and waiting for Ellora to be clear before sinking into their force bond.
As he'd figured Raven was quite a virgin and easily the tightest pussy his flared dick had ever tried to pry into.
Almost immediately his hand went into her panties and grasped at her cock, squeezing it tightly and stroking it slowly.
he purred his hand closing around his lovers cock and stroking without warning, smirking a little as his hand gliding so smoothly along his flesh.
"Only for Mora will I do this." He moaned out, teeth still clenched onto her shoulder as she felt her become tighter around his cocks.
"Would you believe I used to be as flat as a boy?"Rukia gasped as Ichigo got ontop of her, grunting when the head of her 1 inch thick cock popped into his tight, and as far as she was aware virgin, asshole.
Sona's hand held Draven's cock still, helping her friend impale herself.
The pleasure of the evening seemed to follow her into her dreams.On her hands and knees, Kaydia wasn t sure who was fucking her.
Both were looking forward to what was going to happen.Jean Luc's cock was already hard again.
As she slowly accepted his cock, the gray haired man didn't let her go slow.
fuck that ?
It was easy to imagine how coming with Aali's cock inside of her might feel, and Hermione found herself wishing, wondering what that might feel like because really, was there much of a difference?
When he saw her going for his cock tip again he'd teasingly grab her head and climax into her mouth from between her breasts as he moaned out her name lewdly and lustfully.
I think your archer would have a problem with the captain being a permanant fixture in your sex life.
Allowing for a touch of anticipation to build, the material of Kitty's top brushing along her slender abdominal area and perky young breasts, before finally pulling the material upward enough to reveal her upper body to his gaze."I can easily see why your insect had set his sights upon you, little X Man." The ancient mutant remarked, a rather backwards compliment, as his freed hand moved to explore along her chest even while his other seemingly hadn't missed a beat in its continued teasing and fucking of her pussy the wet sounds of her arousal being worked over by now acting as the most audible part of the room.The large hand moved with surprising tenderness.
Fuck!" Eyes closed tight as he threw his head back to the roof.
Of course the effect of this sudden swell would mean it hurt to wear a bra for the next week, but to him that was a bonus.After forty minutes, and making both nipples twice if not three times their previous size, he put the next ice cube in his teeth.
Her tight pussy felt absolutely amazing, and he could quickly feel another climax starting to build up inside his cock, the pressure mounting.Still, he intended to please Ruby more as he spanked her ass hard and pushed his fingers deeper into her tight hole.
Fuck, he wanted her too.Obviously this was the case.
In the past she'd worked with people who had believed the rumors about her and wanted to have sex with her, but she rebuffed their advances.
Dipper wasn't sure how this had all spiraled out, but it was clear that the two weren't going to stop till this was over, he pulled his mouth off of Mabel's breast with an audible pop only to press his lips against Mabels as the two fucked, a deep heavy kiss escalated the tension, and yet relaxed his body as he held her.
She was used to being good at physical things.but when it came to lesbian sex, she was going to be a bumbling novice.
Slowly he began to pull down his boxers to let his bare cock out, and he took her hand gently and moved it so she grabbed his cock.
She was moaning, bucking instinctively back against the rough pounding, her pussy clenching tightly around his thrusting girth as she shuddered and keened, her back arching as ecstasy surged within.
You're a strange one Ichigo." She chuckled and folded her arms, shaking her head as she leaned against the wall, her legs now up on his bed, giving him an ever so teasing slight glance up her skirt at her panties, the barely visible bulge of her tiny limp cock only just out of his sight.
She muttered so cutely embarassed, much like steve on occassion, at least when it came to discussing the whole patient friend sex life lines.
"Issei I need to tell you the truth, I'm a fallen angel, sent to kill you." She said with a sad time as black wings appeared on her back, her height increased a bit tearing her clothes, she now stood at the same height as Issei, five foot seven, her breast size shot up two cup sizes, as her ass became a bit bigger, her hips expanded outwards a bit more, Raynare was even more sexy than before.
Her lips spread wider as she took his cock as far into his mouth as she could, deep throating his rod as she gave a soft moan, her hand still gently squeezing and caressing his ball sac.
His bulbous tip sprung forth from her cleavage as he twisted and tugged on her perky and tender nipples even harder now as he felt a pressure starting to build up in his cock."You want me to come, Jeanne?
Laughing as she watched him, looking and feeling relaxed at the moment, swallowing thickly as she realized the motion had gotten him hard so quickly, blushing a little as he whispered, Hm, well you re really sexy yourself.
The boy wrapped his own hand around Axel's and began to pump with him, his ass moving back upon the male's dick.
i AM having sex tomorrow, you ARE going to fuck me, and it IS going to be glorious." Steve declared imperiously.
"We're going to fuck you until your legs turn to Jello." One perfect eyebrow arched higher on his head.
Sans cock felt like nice against her tongue, she moaned a little enjoying the way he felt in her hand and tasted.
Her tight pussy walls felt hot around his cock, milking it until, with a dominant roar, he fired of bursts after bursts of hot, potent cum inside of her,wondering if she would let them take hold."Ooooh." he groaned, shivering in delight.
This was a little surprising to Lenara but at the same time, she really wanted to know who on the crew had a cock that big that she's not fucked yet.
"and make sure that bitch is there as well." he ordered.
A powerful touch based drug this way, and soon enough it would be sending great waves of pleasure and desire racing down to her pussy and engorged cock.
Do you truly care nothing for mortals.""Don't youdareask me why, you insufferable bitch!
"That is so good" she cooed feeling her hands on her small and shapely ass if only a man could be that good at sex.
"Don't worry, I'll teach you all you need to know to get totally addicted." She purposefully pushed her hips forward a little, jabbing her cock against Hinata's belly.
Tony scowled shifting, resting his head against johnny s shoulder as the movie started, cuddling the man because he was feeling a little desperate for human contact, and it d been a really long time since he d had sex.the fact that johnny was a look alike for the man he was pining after and who had hurt him so badly, was just a bonus when johnny was one of the few friends he truly had.
This dress will give hints of the nipples.
"Fuck him."It was a singular, and loud statement, Matsuda brushed his hair back for a moment and looked at Hitomi.
Better it slide into her sex, which was at least meant to take it, than shred what she still had left.
Fuck me like an animal!"
He could feel her juices flowing over his waist, his cock kept sliding Into her wet pussy over and over, harder and harder each time she thrusted herself down on his cock.
She'd already ensured no sex, as that had been a condition.
Fully seated in your soft sheath, my cock explodes sending hot white cum out of me and into your womb.My moans are deep and loud as my orgasm continues to grip me and my balls empty every last drop into you.
"Sam's a dick and he should leave me alone." he grumbled before shaking his head.
His cock throbbed and it needed attention, but he wouldn't just give it to her like she wanted.
Her pussy felt so good and the way it was clenching around his phallus and milking at him was driving him wild.
There was a small intake of breath behind her, and the succubus gently pinched and pulled her nipples.
Tony laughed as he followed after the other amused and happy, for the moment forgetting that his best friend was pis sex at him, simply concentrating on his lover.
"and then i'm going to fuck you back awake before making you watch while i do the same thing to Clint." said man mewled though his gag.Steve chuckled a little and left his boys to it.
Yea.No sex.
He pulled Ceres' mouth off of his cock, and he then moved over to the newly broken virgin.
Thor is enough to frighten anyone.and you have merry, you'd have been okay."tony said not about to take credit he felt he didn't deserve.Bucky glanced up st him giving a hard suck and scrapping his teeth down steve at the name calling, shifting to go even slower,punishment cor being a fucking tease,ause he so knew steve was being a cocktease on purpose.whimpering at the loss as he was forced back he stared at the cock he'd wanted to blow for so long,not really hearing the question before starting a little.".you've been watching porn again,aptain.that's reallt hot."he snickered instead of answering the question,jut to see what steve would do before smirking."oh no sir,I'm sure I'm better at fuckingyourather then being a fucktoy."
Maybe you prefer dirty girl, bitch, dirty whore, whatever get you hard Cheshire." So Nero hm, she liked it, sexy, had a little bit of a bite to it, like his attitude.Raising a slender eyebrow, Bayonetta smirked in return, "Of course not Cheshire, I've got lots of other fun places.
"Mm, you want my cock?" he said, ready to pound her senseless.
The cops had the ladies fucking them and the ladies inserted the batons in their asses and fucked them from behind as well.The motorcycle cops flailed as he was kissed and fucked by several ladies and could not break free.
He began to thrust his hips up in time with Elegenie's own thrusting down, her round and shapely ass slapping against his thighs and hips roughly as his cock pushed even further into her, his bulbous tip pressing up against her cervix.
He fucked her face hard, yanking back enough of his cock to churn the thick saliva welling in Willow's mouth.
His formerly flaccid cock soon grew erect under her lips and hands, and his protests rapidly vanished.
He reches behind him and plays with her breasts keeping his cock infront of er face.
Loosening her grip she pulled the cock out slowly before forcing Angela s head up again.
he had to look down slightly to look her in the eye, and he kept her still hard nipples and supple breasts just at the periphery of his vision.
'You fucked up, Mello,' he chastised himself.
I m pretty sure that everyone s going to strangle us if we sneak into yet another weird ship and start fucking before they can give us anything else to do.
Tatsuki let out a grunt as the flow of fluid out of her pussy started to accelerate, the fluid becoming thinner, perhaps due to the Hollow no longer being in proximity, her toned body forcing the fluid out in order to flatten her stomach once again, soon leaving her in a large pool of the Hollow's cum, panting heavily.
"i am that curious, i can't help myself, i thought you couldn't have sex?" he asked Bruce, baffled when the man smirked.
son of bitches they all are.
You shouldn't have that!" Hinata swallowed nervously, watching as the cock grew through her cleavage, poking up through her breasts and up past her head.
He listened to her cross the room, then cocked his head curiously as she stopped.Think they will let you borrow a couple of these weapons?Well.Thatthought went right through him, hard enough that he suddenly had to adjust too tight trousers.They might,he allowed, turning to find her slowly stroking the blade he d used in the arena.
He spoke to her, sending vibrations up his tongue and into her pussy.
he smirked at her, rubbing the tip of his cock against her clit, rubbing it while the two women pinned Alex's hands behind her back so she couldn't fight, or strike at the male, giggling as they took turns giving her oxygen, the act oh so much more lewd now as they got their tongue's involved.
"o.oooh fucking hell." he groaned as he was apparated into the nearest hospital, gasping in pain and groaning again as one of the nurses pushed him carefully into a wheel chair and wheeled him tot he nearest hospital room.
She moaned into the kiss feeling one hand on her breasts and the other immediately rubbing against her cock.
His cock entering the soft folds of her pussy, the larger lizard letting out a soft moaning breath, as he entered Mia.
Males always thought about sex but not what could come of it.
Something told Taylor that the next load was going to be inside her, and she'd much rather have her ass filled with Lex's seed than her pretty little pussy.
Caid gasped loudly and moved his hand away when House's bigger one grasped his six inch dick and began to jerk him off.
The touch wasn't sexual at all.
It sounded like she was suggesting they would perform oral sex on each other simultaneously.
i don't understand a lot of it, but i think it means he had a lot of sex." Steve admitted, blushing a little.
Personally, Drayke thought the man was just bored and working out some sexual frustration on just hammering the shit out of things.
Markos had been raised in Amestrian orphanages, and studied in Amestrian schools, a much more liberal enviroment to learn about sexual conduct to be sure.
Her body ached, her cock extremely raw.
"Now you have to get to know your son." She said with a chuckle, then giving dick a chaste kiss on the cheek as well.
"it's sexy, very sexy."
I don't think I've ever been so eager to leave."Naoto would have gladly explained to Kanji what was bothering her, namely the part on the girl having been nude and showing signs of raped.
James grumbled, not nearly as amused by clint and natasha s sex lives as he was at hearing about tony s.
"Fuck." She muttered, it was going to be a shit day, having to endure what had just been stoked in her.
Slutty, Euphoric cockwhore Batgirl was.
Grabbing a hold of her tits, he began helping them move to match the rhythm of his thrusting, with more of his cock being exposed from her cleavage with each thrust.
".fuck you." She sighed, defeated.
they wouldn't do anything to nip that in the bud when they loved watching him fuck people so much.
By now, Quark's cock was fully hand in Lenara's hand.
Her two tails curled as the Kaithrit got excited about showing her cock off, she quickly began to pull those off in a matter of seconds, throwing them off to the side as she did, she watched Vetras facial expression changed, watching as surprise went across her face.
He knew she had wanted more of it before, and he was more than willing to give it to her.He had himself between a rock hard cock and a moist mouth and he was loving it.
When the effects and transformations to Misato's body began to wear off the cravings for the 'drug' would start and become increasingly stronger until the craving was satisfied."Nnngh.!" Samantha groaned in pleasure as she felt Misato's lips cover the tip of her cock, pre cum pouring out freely.
THe slender girl was lifted up until Yuffie was at the very top of the spirit animal's massive cock, only the head of the organ still inside her body.
The friction was delicious, white hot and intense."Fuck me," she growled, and crashed her lips to his.
He wanted to jam every last inch in, to be balls deep in her at that very fucking second, and hear her moan and sause with pleasure.
The forest of dark brown retracted into her body, soon leaving her sex bare, bared toward the world.
It was averygood thing that Asmodeus had his turn before Caesar or else perhaps she might have not felt the same pleasure after having such a cock likethisnow."A Ah Caesar, dear You can More, more,"Mignonette urged him on in short breathy pants against the base of Hercules' veiny cock, slightly rocking her hips backwards against the Nidoking's to let him slidemoreof his cock into her.
Come to momma and straddle my big black dick.
He started to swirl his tongue in circles, then press it against the top as he sucked his lip down, to stimulate her clit from both sides while his fingers danced inside her.
He smirked and kept rubbing around her cunt.
"You're first." He said with a grin before shoving his cock deep into her pussy.
he asked her as his fingers pinches her pussy throw her pants as his hand started to stork his own cock slowly.
Now she was a trapped female animal impaled on the mighty male cock, splayed out like a bleating, bloody sacrificial lamb before an omniscient and cruel god.
Blaise would hel Well fuck.
Something about her made his cock twitch in his pants.She walked over to him and he felt her behind him.
Kahlan blinked, seeing his cock get a little bit harder.
"You are too kind, My King." Kali was reveling in his scent, pressing her generous bust against him as her hips squirmed eagerly.Sybil was more riled up though, she moved to his cock and immediately took it inside of her mouth.
He moved his hands down to her breasts and squeezed them, his fingers seeking out her perky nipples.
"Hhmmm I wonder what you'd do if I snapped it in two.little muggle bitch like you doesn't really need a proper wand." He said with a slight cold laugh as he moved closer keeping his other wand raised as he looked to her.
Who do you want to fuck you?
What he lacked in speed at the moment, he made up for in strength as his hips bucked hard and firm into her sopping cunt, the faint noises echoing gently as his testicles met her hungry flesh every time.He almost regretted saying what he did, but he knew a night of passion wouldn't change it.
Her entire body shivered from the sensations running up and down her cock, along with the sensation of Futaba squirting her own pre cum all over the lower half of Ann's body.
you didn't want me, you just wanted a fuck buddy.
Don't make me take that back."Riddick pressed a heavy arm around Sidra's neck, weighing it on her shoulders while his eyes stayed glued to the Dame Vaako.
And if you hadn't noticed, you don't own her anymore," Halloway said, cocking a brow down at Roger.
"Cunt," he whispered, that hand leaving her belly, gloved fingers sliding down the front of her skirt.
Steve nearly cursed when he finally caught sight of Loki, who was naked, had semen coating his inner thighs and buttocks, and was kneeling before Thanatos, sucking the bastards cock.
James said smirking at the man, simply being bitchy because he could be.
"Do you think we should wait until we're with dickie bird to tell her im pregnant?" She asked, resting her head on his shoulder.
Bearish hands sank her hips to the base of his cock as she rolled them, his member completely engulfed in her folds.
As she was about to speak she felt the tip of the tail starting to dub against her clit rather roughly causing her to moan louder.
Holly was fucking Nyxanna like an animal, her hips were bucking like a bronco and the sharp sensations of pleasure shooting through her were enough to make her eyes roll back into her head.
Sex hadn't been much of a practiced thing by gems since Pink Diamond's shattering.
Who's to say some sick fucker didn't get into her files and learned all there was to know to impersonate Cas?" He folded his arms across his chest and shook his head.
It had been so long since she last killed the man she was fucking.
Blood flys from her mouth as she hits the floor, she was a tough bitch though and even as she was jumped on by the vampire she tried to slut and claw back.
Groaning he said "Fuck your a good dick sucker."
With a loud moan, he felt the electrical pulse shoot up and down the base of his cock before reaching the crown again and stopping, allowing the muscles to clench and flex fervently.
"Fuck!
If it did then Gothorita would go right for licking Robin's cock with a tingling attack, but if not she may have the time to get out of the way.
"Fuck it's.
His cock couldn't take it anymore and he came inside of her as much as he could.
I am a sex god.
"Hey, Yang, do you think you can help me with something?" She asked while looking at her Scroll, not even noticing the pair at the moment."Sure, what's up?" Yang asked, her mouth full of Michael's cock as she looked over at Blake.Blake sighed, shaking her head.
"mmm fuck yesss, your so tight and aroused James." Harry growled.
Even more so when he realizes James has been in on it, and him fucking up with the tablet last night was just him fucking around.
The thought alone paired with his sage mode swelling with her chakra increased the size of his abusive cock against her holes so immediately, so potently that she'd surely be able to feel it through the haze of her blood loss, her drained chakra, her sealed dojutsu.He'd smirk now, his hands leaving her wrists to smooth down her soft arms to her bosom, groping her breasts in such a complete way that no inferior breed of ninja's smaller hands ever possibly could.
You want that same kind of treatement bitch?!
Sometimes they were jobs, sometimes it was something sexual.
Matsumoto smirked and licked her lips as she watched his cock growing larger and larger, until it was too large for even him to handle.
"I guess he likes you." He said gently."Nobu!" Motochika came down quickly, "It's been weeks, is she fucking up yet?" Weeks?
Immediately She arched her back, her hands reaching up to her breast squeezing them, and playing with her nipples giving her self added pleaser as Sans worked her inner walls of her pussy.
"Master please please master your putting your bitch.
"Uck." I wasn't disgusted by your finger, or your words, just by your completely and total cockiness.
She pointed it back over between her legs at her softened cock and spoke the words to the spell in her mind.
She could compare it to her tiny little sex."No," came out again, this time unbidden.
He wanted to feel her soak his cock one more time.
She was fucking him with wild abandon.
"Merlin you taste good." he murmured softly, nuzzling the others cock before slowly moving down, pressing his tongue against the others tight little, untouched star with a small sigh of glee.
Get the fuck out!""Trust me, I'm going!"He wasn't sure if she was leaving.
Ginny was more than happy to oblige Hermione's requests to 'fuck her', and as the girl bounced on her cock Ginny was all too eager to thrust back up against her, squeezing Hermione's breasts roughly, grunting and moaning as the intense pleasure practically overwhelmed her.
such a fucking idiot!
Krys moved her tongue faster with every second she licked Bellatrix's clit, the woman tasted so good.
I don t care, I ve seen to much of your sex life as it is, might as well tell me, and I ll try and help.
He however was receiving a lack of attention from her, and pressed his cock against her face.
Her throat muscles massaged the tip of his cock as she moved her tongue around as best she could, her chin gently pressing against his balls.
".I really wouldn't be surprised if it was one of tony's creations.I could see him putting a ai in a bofy jusy to have sex."she shook her head just thinking about it before swallowing hard nodding slowly relaxing at the idea she had a little timr to come to terms with meeting the hulk.she knew logically he wouldn't hurt her,ptobably,but it was still nerve wracking."okay.tomorrow.its a date."she smiled a little,though it looked a little shaky,"I'm not afraid of you,bruce.its just.hes so big.he makes me as nervous as I probably make him."she said wuietly wonfering if she'd hurt his feelings reacting like she had before nodding."much better then a random change I agree."she smiled a little wider."Fi.ekeep your secrets then."he sulked a little before making a face taking comfort in the others presence and thr fact that none of the 'enemies' had followed them out of the mirtor house."don't feel.bad,I hadn't considered it either."he shrugged sipping his pop starting to calm before perking up tilting his head as he looked around."I think it was.and yes.erin's been trying to find out who hes seeing for months.if I find out before she does it'll be awesome."he grinned his near panic attack forgotten for a moment as he concentrated on spying on clint,just fun instead of the dark and bloody past threatening to drag him down.
Nieve moans loudly as she can feel his cock going in and out in a slow, but faster pace.
And just like she'd heard time and time again, Karma truly was the biggest bitch that existed in this world.
Open hearing his request, Bella continued to look at him as she opened his robes getting to his pants, carefully undoing them to reveal his cock.
Sam scowled as he listened to dean bitch, growling annoyed as he took a knife to the long locks, as much as he hated cutting it, dealing with the nasty shit in it wasn t worth it.
So sexy now !" It seemed to get really happy as it hands caressesed Vanessa curves.
Every time her mind wandered into'what the hell are you doing?'territory, it was quickly pushed to the side by some action on Dick's part.
Another hand reached down, pulling Selune's hand away from her sex.
Or have sex then.
She pushed Narcissa away so hard that the woman landed on her bed, "WHAT THE FUCK"?!
He could see, in his mind, her getting fucked over and over again by those men women.
"you catch up with your bro while i have a mild mental meltdown about my fucked up life." he chirped offering her a grin to let her know that he was joking.
The man s entire cock throbbed and pulsated inside of Ellie before the tip released, pumping his sticky semen exploded inside of the blonde.
"fuck, it's pretty messed up i guess." he muttered.
The ladies murdered all the cops except 3 old cops where they fucked and left alive.
The base of his cock got wider and as he got closer he shoved it into her ass.
So she doubled her efforts, her hands stroking their cocks while her mouth remained busy.
Better to just let him live in ignorance right?"Ooooooh!" Isshin let out a loud moan as he felt that small mouth closing over his cock, pre cum flowing onto Karin's tongue.
don't you remember when i swallowed your dick?" he asked with a smirk, Bruce clearing his throat.
Jinx was too busy moaning and writhing in Vi's arms to fight back immediately however, purring soon after as both her neck and sensitive nipple received much needed attention.
Being able to fuck Alicia, at the exact same timethat Clarke was being pounded by her brother, turned her on more than the blonde had ever experienced or thought possible.What made it even better was that the blonde knew her brother was fucking her ass without a condom.
Thor said wincing, because it embarassed him to admit that he d been nearly 30 before he d learned to read well, and only because fandal had realized he couldn t and while they had had sex, most of their sex sessions had been him teaching thor to read.
Typically when your naked and having sex like this, your mouth can be used in other ways to bring pleasure.
Because anthro evolved pokemon were still pokemon, sexual acts with them were illegal, but that made the industry all the more profitable.
I won t be jealous if you get the chance to fuck her.
"Nnnnn." He groaned as she kept going down slowly, feeling his cock being squeezed really hard inside her dripping cunt.
it makes it so much easier to slip Steve's cock in your mouth." Bruce had never inserted himself into Tony because it triggered the hulk, but he was working on that.
There was no way she could deny that she'd cum, and quite hard it seemed by the strength of the spasms he felt from her internal walls that had seized his cock and helped milk it dry.
If we don't have any places for him to take, he wont feel obligated to be bitchy adn demanding and heroic to play a client."Lance said rolling his eyes a little at that.
examine you?" he asked, his long, slender fingers pointing towards her sex.
"And, my God but I love you."His cock twitched again.
Sasuke's breath was ragged as he held Hinata close, allowing himself to recover and relax as well as he left his cock inside her.
Two fingers swiftly slipped into her, beginning to fingerfuck her as one hand was pressed to her lower back.
Lucius's mother might have arranged a marriage for him without telling Abraxas." he shuddered at the thought of poor Lucius being saddled with that power hungry bitch.
And two, why haven't you started fucking me yet?" She gave his ass a spank and kissed him again.She pulled his shaft out of her and she turned around so she was laying on the bed.
The jolt flapped her ultrasensitive tongue against the cock, and the process nearly looped again.
Shut the fuck up, bitch!
So they were Supers, and soon more of them each maintaining a largely human appearance, but with small physical mutations opened their cockpits to reveal themselves and look to Exodus like he was some kind of important figure.
Kyle reached down, grabbing his cock to keep it steady.
Volumous pre cum continued to flow from both males, treating Krystal with more of the strangly appealing broth to swallow and making the other's thick cock slide in and out of her cunt faster and deeper.The one at her mouth had started earlier and reached a climax faster.
His manly musk also invaded her senses as a good portion of his cock was near her mouth and nose, despite her breasts being wrapped around it.that's how long and large he was."How about I buy you off your master.I bet you enjoy my company more, don't you, Jeanne?" He chuckled as he reached down to her perky nipples again.
She came with a scream that echoed through the apartment, her eyes rolling back and her cunt exploding with a sweet wetness around his throbbing cock."Oh, oh.
"that fucking bint who walked in on us must have said something." he admitted, his eyes narrowed.
he was leaving as soon as he got all his paperwork done."Natasha said smiling a little, well aware that it might be awhile, depending on how bitchy elaine was being about letting him have a whole week to himself.
Her three new lovers continued pounding all three of her holes, drawing out her orgasm and filling her with plenty of pleasure as she road the cocks fucking her ass and pussy hard and fast, the two men using those holes fucking her hard, all the while she suckled hungrily upon the cock in her mouth.
Jill tucked her hair back so that he could watch her suck his cock, just like she had watched him eat her out.
She swirled her tongue around the head of his cock before looking up at him.
Sitting up straight, she bounced on his cock and met his thrusts, hoping he would cum for her.
When he took of his sunglasses and looked into her eyes, her eyes widened and she blushed, feeling so incredibly vulnerable.As he momentarily let go, she was standing there frozen in shock that before she knew it, her leg was back up and his cock was free her hand straying near it.
She muttered panting quietly as she squirmed at steve s touches, gently wrapping her fingers in steve s hair, squirming as he licked a nipple, shifting, squirming under his touch.
No.well, actually it sounds like some of the drunken sex I ve had, I mean I ve had a girl hit me with a traquelizer once, that was weird, and one that had a thing for needles and kept stabbling me with them and.
How did his sex drive change?
he just kept right on rocking his hips into Brii's hips, holding her down and fucking her slowly.
"and any food you desire." he promised before scampering off, a young man moving over to them, a young werewolf, all clad in sexy leather.
Yoko settled into the cockpit of Lagann with Kamina, resting in his lap for the time being.
She wanted to get off, she wanted to cum hard, and hurt, hurt because she was fucking the man her best friend had a major crush on.
Brax grabbed his chest looking more amused then annoyed now."Oh!I see how it is!No love for the malfoy from the past."He pretend sniffled looking amused."Am I no longer fit?No longer sexy?"he asked twisting around to look at himself much to Scott's amusement.
Loking startled as the other pulled away she panted, flushing a little as she considered what the other wanted, swallowing hard as she nodded.Laying back she moaned softly as she closed her eyes, hips bucking a little as the other licked and fingered her, shuddering before lifting her head a little, the tip of her tongue swirling around the other's clit before diving in more.
At the same time Winter was whispering inside her lover's ear telling her how she loved seeing her bound to the bed, her cock helplessly trapped in the milking tube and being jerked off while she kissed licked and sucked on her tender balls.
He would give it to her, fuck her with all he got.
She in great pain as her tiny halfling pussy was stuffed so much already to its limits.
Her expression didn't change but the two grabbed him and wrestled him to the ground."If you say anything to the knight captain, I promise to cut off your cock and feed it to you until you choke.""Sanada dono will not be going to the knight captain," Akihime said, "Please stop hurting him."
She was fucking Angela s throat hard and fast, not giving the young girl the chance to breathe.
"You fucking asshole." She muttered as she closed her eyes feeling him withdraw the wand.
"i aught a turn you into paste you cheating fucker!" he raged, tapping B so much you'd think he was trying to make the little floating orange dude on the cloud hurry the fuck up.
If you swallow it whole however.it has.ooooooh fuck.some rather.interesting effects." Ino was panting with pleasure now, then grabbed Sakura's head, forcing her to look at Ino's crotch.Ino's red panties were now growing dark with wetness, then after a moment, there was almost a kind of movement inside, like something was poking at the panties, then pulled back.
"Tony i think you could have fucked me twice as hard and i still wouldn't be actually hurt." he admitted.
under four inches, tiny and kinda soft.So I need aRealCock inside me." she purred, dropping her coat at last, showing off her killer figure."He's neglectful.unskilled in bed.whiny.not like Mr NTR here." she smiled, trying to push Tatsumi to lie down in bed.
He worked his head, licking the underside of his cock, then slowly pushing him further into his mouth.
3 feet of her cock were now inside of Hinata's body, only 5 more feet to go.
She felt herself soak the cock in her pussy as her body tightened.
"I.a alright, we'll deal with this until the potion wears off!" Ginny nodded, then reached down to suddenly grasp at Hermione's cock with both hands, starting to stroke it back and forth, using both of their pre cum as lube.
"it hurt like all fucking hell." "and yet Blondie was the only one cussing." the tattooist chirped.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Jayce is a fucking idiot fuck.
"M My lady." he mumbled in surprise, his cock twitching in her grip.
Either way, she put out of her mind for now that she was blatantly staring at another woman nude, staring at a naked cock as it just swayed with her motion."What no!" Sakura protested as she was presented with a small pair of panties, "we have to get to the Hokage we can't be wasting " Sakura was cut off again by a new tactic this time.
She arched her brows, her nude lips pulling into a quick frown at the pun he attempted to pull as a joke, as if their lives weren't in jeopardy at the moment.
Her undead monster of a cock sprung free, already larger than the skink's at half hard.Viktoria grinned, pprodding the tip to the amazon's lips.
She needed cock!
She licked her lips when she saw Crystal's pussy.
* Hal Jakan s servant moaned into Kaydia s cunt, lapping her master s cum from her slit As she did a new cock pushed into Kaydia, one belonging to a bear of a man who began driving himself into her hard enough to make her body bounce.
Jack began to ride her lover s sensitive cock once more.
But whether you do or not is entirely up to you, Sakura." He grinned and stood up, walking over to her but was only a few inches from touching her foot with his cock as he looked at her face.
Tom whined quietly, squirming as he looked at the leather strap, whimpering quietly as he tried to pull the boy back down on his cock."Nooo!Please harry!"He whined kissing him again, wanting nothing more then to fuck his lover, or get fucked.Something, anything!
Did I ever comment about how fucking hot your ass is, Ellie?
hehe just think the japanese version of sexy.Her thighs twitch and for a moment she fought stubbornly against the pokemon's claw not wanting him to look at her.
After he got them off he dropped them to the floor then brought the blanket up to cover them before reaching his hand down to rub at her pussy while he went back to sucking on her nipples.
You'll fuck me so hard that I'll forget my name or where I came from, forget everything but your massive weapon,' she gave said weapon a squeeze.
"hell yeah i'm enjoying this, look at her, so helpless for you, fuck that's hot." he whispered before shuddering as he nodded eagerly at the new plan, Lisa snickering.
Venus felt her head fall back as her pussy and ass tightened around him.
never have sex with women again?" he wondered.
These sexual machines vibrate quite powerfully.
a two year old with an alcohol problem and has more sex in a month than most people do in their entire lives.
She had never been blindfolded and pinned durning sex, so it was completely odd for her.
e thrust deeper into her as she arched for him growling into her ear loving the tightness of her pussy taking her hard being nearly rough with her making her his mate and claiming her pussy in such away that she would never want another cock inside her but his own.
Not only beautiful and sexy, but perfect." He nibbled a bit more, then suddenly stopped and stepped back a bit as Madame Pince came by, though his hands had slithered into her robes to gently rubbed her shoulder and neck.
"don't you EVER talk about Cersei like that again you bitch!" Allison gasped in horror at Harry's words, outraged and horrified.
Her hands found the other woman's breasts, and she started to twist, pinch and tease Alicia's nipples.
images in his head of a warm mouth wrapped around his cock, images of a cock sliding between his own lips.
A lot came out too, tasting as good as his cock.
For a moment before her skirt covered he could see Winnie's pussy, and he felt his own arousal grow with the moment.
She tried to swallow and her muscles contracted again, squeezing his cock like it was being milked.Akira counted in her head while she worked.
Carlos sat up on his bed before he groaned in pleasyre as his new girlfriend queen took his cock and was licking in it.
His thick cock spread against her walls, formed a tight seal.
The hybrids pussy tightened squeezing the cock for its cum, its thick hot seed!
It was quickly stabilized, but when everyone came back to their senses, Riddick was hanging by one hand on the still open door.
She softly moaned when he pinched her nipples again and began to trail kisses down his neck, softly kissing and licking the skin, looking for his pleasure spots, carefully studying his reactions.
V Vriska, you're fucking incredible." You smirk and then groan as she clutches your body with her legs and your hands with her own.
Daenerys had never expected a cunt to taste so.deliciously divine, so terribly intoxicating in every way shape and form.
Each second that passed caused Drogo to lick, slurp, and suck faster against her pussy lips, wanting to bring her to the edge of sublime again.
Xianghua's body wanted sex it did not want pain.
He breathed a sigh of relief and sheathed his blade on the back of his belt.A man with his dick out and a knife in his hands painted a rather grim picture, as Junkrat had learned on the day he got banned from the Lincoln Memorial."Ye want more?" Junkrat asked, before glancing down to the hand clasping his shaft.
After seeing that, it took Ashe a full minute just to even voice her challenge, her eyes flickering between the massive length jutting from between the Earthshaker's legs and Karma's insensate form.All that and he didn't even cum in her.Ashe realized with a faint sense of awe.What a monster.She led, glancing back every few seconds, practically transfixed by the sight of Raigor's shaft, knowing that even if she had planned only to challenge him when she'd first sought him out she'd be planning to fuck him by now anyways.
Having sex with his own brother?
i'm going to fuck you Vixen." he promised with a smirk as he lubed up the vibrating egg and handed it to Tony, indicating that it was for Loki, to be followed up by the butt plug.
"OOH Mina it been so long since I been with a woman"he moans as he feels the very soft and well manicured hand on his massive fuckstick.
"The fuck!
His balls clapped loudly against her flushed little pussy, his wings twitching with pleasure.
fifteen Galleon's says Draco wusses out and doesn't have sex.
"I tell you that I will reveal your identity to the world if you don't plant a nice and lingering kiss upon my cock and you just give it the slightest left.
That was a mistake, however, as her grabbing his cock s head with two fingers made him jump , as far as that was possible, soon moaning at her stroking for the umpteenth time, her bracelets leaving some sort of mesmerizing glow behind as she moved.
He could control it well enough but hearing every conversation every dog barking, and Why the hell did the couple have to be so fucking loud when they were fucking?
But judging by how hard your nipples are, you either liked it, or it is very cold in here." The asari smirked and then stretched out a bit on the bed to crack her joints and stretch her muscles.
Willingly, she began to spread her legs, feeling the warmth of her cunt heat up her inner thighs.
Winter, use your cock!" She moaned out, as demons, Ruby and Winter could freely morph there bodies, welk to a degree, they weren't that skilled with it, so the most they could do was either grow or shrink assets, or grow a cock or a pair of balls.
To be fucked in public like this?" He teased as he licked her exposed neck once again.
Or sexy.
Taking a deep breath Rise took his cock into her mouth and began to suck it.
her friends can be executed.they did crime.but her, it can be commuted to my personal fuck toy."
Some reason the thought of him being very sexually active with other women constantly was sickening, not because of the act but because she was starting to fall deeper into this dark fairy tale.
Kira was a sexy looking woman and was damn hot in whatever she wore.
Aiming straight for the woman clit with her every attention.
KILL THE BITCH!!
However, her panties quickly followed, pulling the material down until her pussy was exposed.
She had no intention of doing so on her own, fuck that.
he walked in and sat down on one of the beds as soon as the renamon closed the door he took out his cock and started to jack off not able to control himself anymore hoping this would dull the aura dark aura messing with his head.the rest of the renamon lead willow to a large hut in the middle of the village, they stopped and bowed infront of a large Fox looking digimon.
Fucked them both.
I haven't even done anything close to sex before."
He moaned as he arched his back, with her pulling on his cock.
Full, fleshy, fuckable tits that make Mr Johnson tingle just at the thought.Naturally I gotta play with ehm.I place both hands on her tits, squeezing the firm mass, massaging and feeling the weight, pinching the nipples themselves to hardness.They're Perfect.
"Lucky you." Grimmjow said sarcastically, "Fuck, I'm hungry." "You can have some of my half, Grimmjow sama." Tesla offered
She thought Lenara was the most attractive and sexiest woman she'd ever laid eyes on.
He found her nipple easily, his hands still gripping her ass even as he leaned forward, forcing her back to arch even as he sucked and tugged on her nipples.
It didn't bother him much."Once we've relaxed from the journey we will begin asking about any disturbances.""Thank fuck." Masamune muttered and headed for the nearest tea house.
Even more helpful, each of the wooden poles had restraints already fastened and a quickNodatischarm locked the shackles around her slender wrists."Do try to actually act like you want to fuck me this time," chided Draco, running his hand down Hermione's pale back as he stood behind her.
He rubbed his throbbing cock up against her pussy, his tip pressing against her clitoris before it began to slowly press into her.
They looked like they d spent all night having sex instead of actually sleeping, shuffling over for coffee.
honestly, Pepper was probably the only person Steve wouldn't mind if Tony fucked.
He the gave a shiver as he felt her tongue run along his cock like a lollipop.
It isn t your fault that your friends died, but if you continue acting like a stuck up bitch, then I will kill everyone else that fell to Earth with you.
World Wrestling Sexual Entertainment Vince looked surprised at the suggestion, eyeing Paige for a moment before nodding.
Got this totally awesome Captain Sexytimes thing going on.
Grinning, he allowed her to press herself up against his form before moving to react.The patriarch's strong, powerful arms wrapped around her muscled, yet still gorgeous form, hugging her erect nipples away from the cold and against his chest, urging her needy crotch to his hard, ready own.
The additional pleasure caused Ann to involuntarily thrust her hips forward a little more, pushing her cock further down Futaba's throat as the cock began to throb more, the tightness of Futaba's mouth and throat already bringing Ann close.
Fuck me.
Gretel certainly did not like the way her whore of a stepmother was looking over her brother, especially considering that bitch was the reason they were out in the forest and got trapped in that witch's house in the first place.
His other hand moved up to her other breast, giving it a hard squeeze, his fingers moving to rub and tug on her nipple as he continued to grow more aroused.
Why was this fucking him up so much?
He felt his cock go back inside of her hot wet tightness, back to where it belonged.
i don't have to have sex with you, to be in love with you.
"We got you a couple of things bluebird." Jason handed her the wrapped gift he had first before Dick handed his over.Serenity bit her lip nervously.
The younger biotic looked up at Miranda with a cocked brow as in response to being on the receiving end of that icy blue glare.
Her nipples went hard immediately from the cold.
So Lenara had much to thank not just the medical crew for, but Doctor Boyd himself as well as he urged her to live a more open and sexually free lifestyle by taking on multiple lovers, which she gladly did these days.During the movies that they watched, Shelby held hands with Lenara, the first officer glancing down when Shelby grasped her hand before looking back up at the screen as the first movie came on.
Alright, I'll fuck Aika.
If this is just about sex, then fine, okay.
if it was me and Tony would be fucking and married right now." he admitted.
"I can do a lot but not that." she said continuing to stroke his cock and suck on it again.
Fucking swallow it, Vivian.
Not taking note of obvious sexual chemistry or the fact that the chains may be adding more to her excitement than she'd really want or any other of a myriad of factors including how very naughty it felt fuckingDraco Malfoy in a version of the Room of Requirement literally designed for fucking.Yes, her toes curled because of biology.
"little cockroaches."
He gripped the girls hair, using it as a leash to tug her back roughly as his cock now slammed past her cervix and entered her womb, her stomach having a slightly visible bulge now as he fucked her as deeply as he could.He tugged and rubbed her clitoris even faster now as his cock pounded into her pussy and womb like a piston, the pressure building up in his dick as he neared climax."Ah, fuck!
She s the needy sort.shame you don t have two dicks.
"Mm." Motoko purred in agreement, wrapping her lips around one of the nipples to greedily suck, nuzzling herself against the breast while her hands slid down her body, touching and roaming happily.
Meena moved her head back slightly as the cock was thrusted up wards "Who says you can't have a feminine figure and have muscles hmm?" She questioned him.
The inexperienced girl was so sensitive and sexually raw that every touch elicited a satisfying twitch, moan, or shudder, and that was despite the girl's best efforts to mute her response.
She felt his dick pulsing and knew his cum would be shooting into her mouth very soon she she prepared herself for it
Still, her cock was aching just as much to do some filling.and god she couldn't hold on any longer.
You reek of betrayal, choosing an inbred gutter rat like that instead of a proper young man!"Her attention returned to Corvo as she continued her rant."She's your personal bitch, isn't she?
His finger slowly thrust in and out of her interest in a motion just like he was fucking her.
He ratcheted up the dials on the vibrators, the little egs buzzing against her nipples and her clit as she began to bob her head up and down on his shaft, looking up at him with those big blue eyes of hers.
what you were doing with her now felt like more than just sex.
She grunted as he scooped cum from her pussy, which was still leaking a considerable amount of his own cum, her belly still sligtly swollen.
Ichiro smiled and began to play with the nipples of each breast.
Call Bobby old fashioned, but if he was going to have sex with somebody, he figured they should at least go on a date first.
"oh, she's having sex." Dean admitted.
One thing Maggie loved about her husband was his sexual appetite.
"You know dick, I've been watching you a long time.
Put me the fuck back!
Though she hadn't been sexually active as long as most of her lovers were, she had quickly become quite skilled at it.
"Mmm.naughty boy.but.since you insist." Rukia licked her lips, giving his cock one last squeeze, before she turned her back on him and bent down, getting on all fours and lifting up her ass, wiggling it for him.
Strange didn't tell Batgirl that there was a side affect when his pigment drug was mixed with his fertility drug.it caused the person to become sexually needy.or it would try Batgirl into Batslut.
ill be your little sex toy too." she said winking at him.Renamon got up anger growing inside her, what the Lillymon was telling her partner was true there master could do all that from what story's she has heard, and she hoped he didn't take the Digimon's offer.
"Bet he'll propose soon." She said, sort of throwing a hint at dick, but wondering if he'd rather do that when jason was here.Bruce chuckled and blushed.
Fuuck Jess your pussy feels so good.
Lucius whimpered softly, pouting at the idea of not getting to cum, thrusting into the other man harder, hitting his prostate as e fisted his cock."Please."He whimpered, the only time he ever begged, in bed with snape.Asher snickered a little giving gabe some lube."Hmmm while your doing that, I think I'm going to enjoy his cock."He purred softly, ignoring the question of if he really wanted this.
Growling as he buried his face against james' neck as he fucked him, sucking and biting a huge hickey into his neck as he came shuddering as he stroked james, desperate to know he pleased him, needing to watch him come
You've had sex with her before."he teased before msking a face."hey,harem's are for women.I am not a girl!even if I agree,I am super sexy."he ehined a little as he helped loki towards his bedroom.
Her entire body was sore, more than that her sex was throbbing and aching after the night before.
She was a little afraid she had bit too hard, but for all she knew, she knew people did this when they had sex.
"and damn i love your cock." he admitted smirking.
Shrikee joined her, pressing her body against Kaydia s back, and leaning over Kaydia s shoulder to reach Quentin s cock with her mouth.
"i certainly can't manage the brainpower to insult you when you're fucking MY brains out." ".gross Loki." Bruce complained as he walked in, smiling a little.
And she wanted to know where the hell she was.Elena whimpered in the back of her throat, back arching as he stroked her nipple, hips bucking up,pressing against him, moaning loudly as he rubbed against her.
She took it all in, the breasts, the rippling muscles of her lover's stomach, the look on her face as she fucked herself on Miranda's rock hard cock, and then the actual sight of that cock plunging inside of the younger woman over and over.
His eyes widened as he took note of the uniform.Oh fuck!
His hands squeezed against her breasts playing with her for a moment as he let out panting moans, his body was sweaty, his cock was hard, and it felt like Shania was either getting tighter or he was getting harder he wasn't sure exactly what was going on.
However, Jean Luc doubted Kyle would give up his sexy first officer.
Hey now, and for us who don't have dicks at all?
Rukia scramed in pleasure as he rotated her around on his cock.
The acrobatic sweet and noble Prince richard "Dick" and the hot headed, stoic Prince Jason, who had been taken in by Saturn's king, having lost their parents tragically as well.
her then rubbed his dick against her ass watching her.
Once he was done he fell almost limp on top of Aoife as he's weaking from the wild sex they just had.
See, my cock wasn t so bad after all?
Sakura panted, gurgling, then screamed out as she came violently, her pussy squeezing even tighter around Hinata's cock, juices spraying everywhere from her body.
Her hips bucked at his movements, and her back arched as Lucius began to toy with her nipple.
if the man wanted to bitch about it, then he was just going to have to pay for the fact that he had sold something that didn't belong to him.
Much talk yet enjoy assfuck."He gathered up some saliva within his mouth and spat upon her face with a deep chuckle."Feng just bitch, my bitch.
Jack sat up, driving his cock deeper inside her, and gripped her hips with a bruising force.
After all, I m sure a strong sexy young woman like you can do it," he flirted with her.
The good doctor told how he treated their sexy first officer.
This time, his fingers pressed onto her clit and began rubbing counter clockwise circles with ample pressure before his tongue reached inside of Maggie s wet sheath.
Euryale is also a regenerator, meaning she will be a major bitch to fight.
Now it's all over the fucking papers, Draco!
Besides, you re going to have sex soon.soonish, maybe?Sorta makes me wanna know where you are.
"My definition of lover is just someone you love.though fucking would also play well into this." He said as he began to rub her inner thigh with his hand.
But if you can't manage to dance your way up the ranks, I'm sure you could manage something else to pulls yourself deeper undercover." Of course the sexual implication was there.
For every time I fuck up and lose patience you can decide what you want to do and how you want me to do it."She waved a impatient hand.
"i like reminding you that you're fucking a man more than half your age." he teased before Steve smirked.
He looked down into her eyes, a handful of her hair in his hand as his cock pulsated quicker now, Mizuki's hand providing the service to finish him off.
"Alright then first things first" ,Draco unzipped his pants and pulled his still erect cock from his pants.
to like it so much when i paddle you, look, your already hard!" he teased, fingering the head of the others cock.
Pikachu's head was cocked in confusion but Rapidash seemed to have an amused gleam in her regal eye.
You must be the sexiest woman alive, JJ.
"You keep doing that, and I'll get you off before you're ready for it." Alicia said, as she used her hands to feel his cock and started to stroke him.
Well Miranda was smart and resourceful, Jack had every bit of confidence that her girlfriend could manage a task as simple as sneaking a sex toy up one floor.Now that she was all alone in the Cerberus Operative s room, Jack had the overwhelming urge to snoop around like a good criminal.
Straight girls weren't supposed to want to see pussy, right?"Yeah, I'mverywet.
One of the books he read involved sex and other things which was how he knew what to do with Katniss and why he liked the things he did.
as long as you don't expect me to be nice to that bitch Belladara.
forget about the damn skeletons, three carrion crawlers make its way inside of the room towards the group"Melissa followed the suggestion she was just given from under the table as she was being toyed with, her dampened pussy quickly attracted Beatrix who was licking and sucking her thoroughly while fingering her deeply.Christie on the other hand didn't lose her chance to ride over the juicy cock and before anyone could say anything she had already sat over him with the pretext they were both pulled together, though she couldn't fully remove her tight denim shorts beyond her wide hips in the hurry leaving only her bare butt exposed to Kenji as she usually never wore any panties.
She felt Menta's cock twitching wildly in her hands, with force that could snap the wrists of any normal human, whilst it pointed up and sprayed cum all over Meena's breasts.
Her brown eyes focused, cleared and bright, lacking any sign of the dullness of before."Why not?" She could feel warmth deep inside, in her pussy, in her womb, and yet, while there was a niggling sense that she should be mad, or at least a little bit irritated, but she couldn't really make herself feel those negative emotions and the impulse passed an instant later.
Boyd found them to be happy with the open sexual adventures they enjoyed.
Oh how she wanted to jerk off her big meat, but the shackle mocked and sexually taunted her even though Rizz had the opportunity to caress and massage the She hulk's mighty throbbing pride leaking with creamy goodness.
"Poor draco, just stop thinking about their sex life, it'll be easier on us all."gabriella said poking fun at her friend as astoria laughed.
with tears in her eyes she opens her mouth and starts trying to suck on the lizardman s cold zombie cock.
Each hand roamed freely about on Kitana's sexy curvy body, always keeping at least two hands stable to make sure the former assassin wouldn't fall flat on her perfect rear.
I know that you're not mortal, and I know that I want to fuck you senseless, but I don't know why." She explained flatly, but he would be able to tell by her expression that she knew that knew what was going on, and that she would get it out of him.
Hanabi shivered, panting heavily, before her body jerked and she cried out in orgasm, juices squirting from her pussy all over Naruto as she came hard, her entire body shaking before she fell forward onto him, panting heavily.
Now that she was clad in only her bra and underwear, Glenn started kissing from her ankle and trailed up until he reached the most upper part of her leg and hip.Two fingers slipped inside of her underwear and began rubbing her clit.
As his hands pleasured her, she shivered at the feel of his hand on her bare skin and groaned at his fingers rubbing along her hot sex.
It d take more then some amazing little cupcake.well no, I ve known some amazing cupcakes that wanted to have sex with me and they were beautiful and you know cupcake is another name for a girl here, so that wasn t as weird as it sounded and.as I was saying, it d take more then this to get me drunk.what did you do to them?Stronger then normal alcohol?
He then positioned his cock at her ass and then began pressing into her, making her groan.
She seemed to enjoy having her breasts sucked, so he swapped mounds and began to suck on her other tit, his tongue swirling around that fresh nipple as it had the other.
His cock at the back of her mouth started to part her throat a bit, it was thick and her hand could feel the throbbing even more.
"Be fucking gentle with those, their sensitive," she spat.
"but most of us had parents who weren't dicks, so we had boundaries.
He found himself being hauled out of the elevator and a mask being thrown over his head as he was dragged through the streets, catching glimpses of strange machines gliding low between the buildings and others trudging along roadways.He leaned against the cold stone wall of the cell they had thrown him in, battered and brused after being thrown a stiff beating to which he had protested, saying that as a member of the press he had a right to be there, something that the guards had seemed to laugh off.He ran a hand through his tosseled dark hair and let out a heavy sigh, which quickly turned into a groan of pain that left him wondering if maybe they'd cracked one of his ribs during the beating."Well, this is a fine fuckin mess." He said to no one in particular, mainly because there was no one around for him to say it to, so he was left to talk to himself.
Fuck me, Ron." Mouths mashed back together, Draco's hips flexing upwards.
Micheal was a dick, but he was also Castiel's brother, and that meant he would get.
He continued to eat out her delicious pussy, nipping softly at her outer labia and clit, though he was careful not to bite to hard.
Ino grunted, allowing Sakura to arch her back, the other girl reaching around and grasping Sakura's breasts, squeezing at them tightly."Ooooh.cum for me Sakura.scream my name.scream it so loud that everyone in the village knows who gave you this pleasure." Ino started to thrust uncontrollably, before suddenly ramming into Sakura as deep as she could go, the tip of Ino's cock burying itself in Sakura's womb, before the cock head swelled up, suddenly unloading a far bigger load of cum than ever before, the size of Ino's cock preventing even a single drop of the incredibly hot and thick fluid from escaping.
Somehow, knowing that if he could work up the nerve she'd suck his cock and let him fuck her for a handfull of coins just made him want her more.
Now aswell as her pussy juices dripping everywhere she was drooling all over Deidara's cock, slurping it almost hungrily, then again she didn't really have much choice in the matter.
He sucked on her earlobe gently as he pressed his bulging cock up against her crotch.
The other hand held her bruised hip, using that hold to the benefit of the sex he was pounding as well as her pain receptors.
"H Haaah f fuck I can't take it I can't take it !!" She cried as she almost doubled over, climaxing hard and squeezing tight around his massive cock.
"Well, I figured since we did the private engagement party with mine and Penguin's close family and friends in Japan, why not do one for yours, Dick's and Jason's close friends here in the states?" Basically she was giving him a way where both she and Krys could both see and meet Oliver without making Krystal miss out by staying behind.
Adrien snarled at him slightly for the slap ,squirming a little as his cock hardened.
When he felt Blair's hands begin to massage him through his pants, he moaned out and had his cock throbbed to the feel of her hands against the fabric, pressing into it with her hand.
Her screams continued to fill the silence as they buried their cocks deep inside of her, each one releasing their disgusting seed inside of her before allowing the next goblin to take her place.Another wail would direct the Apostle's attention to the opposite end of the room.
At the sight of his impressive cock, her mouth fell open for a moment, but she was sure to close it as he approached her.
At least the first time around.She was not na ve she knew woman felt pleasure during sex but she also knew the first time always hurt.
I'm better at sex." "You're insane.
War cried out in agony as he was thrown backwards from the force, Jibao above him in seconds with his hooved legs tensed the Horseman reacted quickly, his new arm and sword coming forward in front just as the Prince was about to drive his hooves downward the two slid violently along the rocky floor, stony debris being thrown up before Jibao launched himself off to get a safe distance.The Satyr Prince's lips curled up into something of a smile as the Horseman struggled to get up for a few seconds, his voice cocky as he said to her,"Not to worry, Your Grace.I promise to be gentler with you, since you'll have my children after I finish this pest.
Servants milled about the room half in the nude, carrying platters with hunks of cooked, seasoned meat, various fruits and cheeses, or pitchers of wine.
He trusted Ben to make sure that his first sexual experience was everything it could be.Slowly Ben started to push his way inside of Riley.
In fact, Dick Grayson was trained to have the body of a god and a tolerance for the chemicals being used.
Far enough along to the point even her nipples were hard under the cute little white apron of hers.
Grasping at her nipples, he pulled up on her, stretching her breasts as he held onto her taut little pebbles tightly.
That guy's a total moron."Tony rolled his eyes, turning to continue his walk home."Pfft, you only say that because your mom and dad are damn hippies."Roxanne snorted in response, following after him."Were.Werehippies."He should have never told her that.Tony made the mistake of inviting Rox over to "watch" the news, which meant smoke pot and bitch about the republicans with his dad.
He fell to his side as she moved with him, his cock slowly slipping out of her as some of his sperm started to leak out a bit.
what the fuck!?" he demanded, looking at Steve.
Leaning down she licked a wet line along his cock, rolling her eyes to look up at him before straightening again, returning to simply giving a hand job, to nervous to consider a blow job.
Draco had pretty much just given Eric a free pass to fuck anyone he wanted to.
She continued to impale herself on him, feeling the head of his cock nudging her.
She knew Jason didn't want dick to know he was alive just yet.Bruce gave her a concerned look.
Let s go, fuck, sleep, maybe feed me.
I m leaving this fucking colony and never coming back.
So glad lots of sex can make things a little better.
Exodus just gave a half hearted smile it was good to see them enjoying themselves, but he remembered what Viral said before he became that savage monster:"I don't even see why you try, Exodus I mean, just because you couldn't have kids with that bitch Harbinger doesn't mean you take these little bastards as your own"Was it true?
The returning youth to your flower, because I can." Isabel said as she could practically feel the walls becoming tighter around her cock.
Just below his dick, his hefty balls also decently swollen gave hint of just how much the boy had to give so to speak."Heh." Chuckled Kyoku, almost nervously if not for his confident demeanor, "I take it you like" he said with his trademark grin.It was obvious what he wanted to do with this opportunity, even if Tsuzume's desire for the same was unknown to the boy."I definitely know what I want you to do next." Whispered Kyoku with an elongated exhale, clearly worked up by the arousal that she brought him."I dare you." Kyoku looked down at Tsuzume, his face actually flushing from embarrassment.
Her hand reached over to her other breast that the vine wasn't on and began squeezing it and pinching her nipple as her moans of pleasure started to slowly rise.
really great sex.Marie smiled widely "Is that jealousy I hear Dean?" she asked standing up and then looking Dean over "Are you going to become the possessive boyfriend?" she crossed her arms over her chest "I didn't get possessive over you when you were gallivanting around banging any pair of legs with a skirt." she eyed Dean as if it were a game of chest and she just checked him."Don't get me wrong Dean you're the top three best lovers I've had in my life." she touched his cheek "And don't think if you want a booty call I wouldn't come running." she kissed his lips softly and hugged him "But you're not the only one I've had between my legs and made me a gooey mess." she said holding onto him and looked at Sam letting him know she was actually talking about him.She pulled away from Dean "Plus with that mark on your arm there's no way I'm letting you get all hunky on me." she teased playfully with Dean then looked back down at Rafael.
"literally, she rolled out of bed, thanked me for the sex and left.
A mercy which you will find between my legs." she gave a confident, dominant smirk as she looked at the girl, using one hand to splay open her cunt folds and the other to squeeze and tease at one of her own sling bullet hard nipples.
His fist still grasped in her hair as he did so, his eyes boring into hers with a resolute stare as he drank in the sight of the young white girl held to ransom by his cock.
I did not ask for you not to make love in front of me with others, I wanted you to not make love with others at all, you say you love me but I cannot love.I cannot love some women who merely uses me and the other men for her own sexual needs!" He said growling as he too was now in tears.
She gave all of her attention to that one little mound of flesh, kissing it, teasing it with her tongue, nibbling it gently and then a little harder, and sucking it into her mouth, moaning into her pussy the entire time.
Because, the times she had taken a drink, Jack was there with her and a tipsy Beth was a very sexy Beth indeed.
She let her one of her hands trail down to Medusa's pussy as she began to slowly rub her clit while slowly slipping a finger inside of her every now and then.
"Some of this stuff is one of a kind, and that means that someone must've been fucking around in my head.""No technology exists that can allow." Miranda's recrimination was cut off suddenly.
"A ah!" She cried out in pleasure as Ichigo's cock seemed to move around inside of her, leaving her unable to do much more than whimper.
Fuck.
Was she fucking someone?Ron, to his credit, said nothing.
He needed to get her ready for him, he didn't want it to hurt and if he got her pussy ready and spreading on its own a bit it would only feel good.
The zabrak grinned, and knelt down behind her, grasping her breasts and squeezing them, "No wonder he liked these so much, your tits are great." He said squeezing them and pushing them together as the cum smeared around.The gamorrean firmly grasped her head as the zabrak had let go, and started to forcibly move her mouth back and forth along it's cock, grunting and squealing as her lips were tight around it's wide girth.
"O Oh RAI!" he shouted in pleasure and signaling Rai he was going to cum.Steven's face became one of ecstasy and mild shock before he came all over Rai and he slumped in his chair, exhausted, but feeling higher than he ever had before, recovering from his first sexual experience."That does sound like a lot of fun.
Just don't shoot me in the fucking back."He says while walking back outside of the door and rearming her land mine."Your mine is rearmed, you cover the windows and I'll cover the door."Ryan says to her after having walked back inside of the room, he extends his hand to her again, hoping this time she would just take the offer instead of asking all of these questions, they would only survive if they trusted each other, after all.
That spoonful I gave you shouldn't have been stronger than a few cocktails.
Having learned it was easier to have a candy bar every few hours, it kept the cravings from being to horrible."You know, you could just tell Drayke you're taking yoga with me, not to make me happy, but so you can bend in awesome ways to have sex."She teased her friend looking amused because as much as she complained, and hated having her life restricted, she loved being pregnant.
sweet Marie." His fingers flicked across her nipples and then twisted them enough to send shivers into her loins.
Besides, though it might not have been intentional it also helped to make Tifa a bit more cocky, confident, and thus ope to the surprises that she did have waiting.To the barbs she did not answer, instead wearing a cold facade as she fired and backed up to keep her distance, away from the brawler.
Spank my pussy.
Kira took Niesha's nipples into her fingers.
What the hell did you guys do?Fucking hell.
sexy phone times." he protested.
Plus it did give her a better ground to observe them, she was a Ninja after all and at leastsometimescould think with her mind instead of her dick even if usually the two agreed such as in this mission."Oh, yup, used to be huge" Ami said with a nod, "no idea what happened" she shrugged, if asked she would pretend it happened before her time, such sensitive information or hints to her mission were obviously not allowed.
One feather tickled under her balls, the other making circles around the tip and the underside of her cock.
Hell, he wanted to fuck her than and there.
"You'll like this.give it time, Sesshi." She gasped and continued to fuck the Elf.Lara's breasts lowered and were now rubbing against Sesshi's.
Dan smiled a little as he walked down, looking amazing in the tu as he walked in, wrapping his arms around Emma."You look beautiful."He muttered kissing her lightly as to not mess up her lipstick, smirking lightly as he raised his head."Come on you two!No time for sex.We have places to be."He teased, smirking a little."You don't look bad yourself."She said blushing as she wrapped her arms around him,kissing him softly, blushing when she heard dan yell.
Her luck was that this vampire was more interested in her pussy then her blood, to wish for anymore would be pushing it.
One final orgasm ripped through Vetra's body, causing her pussy and ass to tighten up more than ever before, right at the time both twins had thrust into her one more time.She screamed in pleasure as cum flooded inside, her womb and ass filling almost instantly, and yet the cum kept on coming.
His entire cock slammed within Taylor within each thrust, the hefty balls slapping against her wet sex.
Her half erect cock growing hard fast as he revealed his chest and started to work on his pants.
Besides, Jack was going to be out of her comfort zone as well and if she would trust Miranda so much as to wear a dress a heels then Miranda could go as far as to wear the fake cock and take the lead for the night, even if she found letting Jack take control to be extremely pleasurable.
But.sex is fun.
For wouldn't the girl rise from the bed changed, more sexually aware than she had been when she'd first arrived?
Steve kissed her, then began to kiss her neck while reaching down to massage her pussy.
the 12 foot tall behemoth was looming over her and now dangling in front of her face was a cock currently 2 feet long and nearly as thick as her arm.
"Fuck, Cedric!" He groaned out, shoving his face into the male's chest as he came, spurt after spurt shooting out of his tip as he moaned loudly.
Gritting her teeth softly when the announcement had been so abruptly leaked by a presumed dead man, Phasma wanted desperately to ask how they'd fucked that up, again curious if it was just that easy to disappear.
He provided her a great cock, and she provided him a great pussy.
he muttered softly as he slid out of bed and pulled the little girl into his arms, stepping through and instinctively following the shadows to the little girls mother, dropping the girl off and vanishing before the mother even saw him, sighing softly as he decided to go and visit a gloomy ocean for a while.Drago was still sleeping when Kaleo walked in, covered in bruises from Shadows harsh grip and thrusts, and the bite marks on his neck where swollen, but these where normal effects of a good fuck, and one of Drago's favorite kinds.
Yuna groaned as he began to slide into her virgin pussy."Slow.please go slow." she almost pleaded.
Her fingers gently teased his hairPenelope kept sucking on his cock, loving his reactions so much, it was making her pussy wet.
She blushed looking up at the blond, about to open her mouth to retort when his hand found her clit.
"it could be his little way of trying to control you, or it could be him trying to make it easier to possess you or it could simply be him wanting to make things right or being a dick." she admitted.
He lowered his face to her own as he planted his lips on hers, his tongue lashing at her lips and seeking access to her mouth as his cock rubbed up against her exposed crotch.
Draco moaned silently as he was fucked clinging to the other tightly as he wiggled around gasping as his cock was grabbed.
wait." Probing fingers brushed over hardened nipples.
"fucking backwater superheros." he grumbled.
"Y You did this to me!!!" She moaned squealing as she pumped her kitty cock harder and harder as it began to drizzle pre cum.
He wasn't."Quentin?"Wait, what?Kaydia rose from behind the desk, clad in a form hugging black gown that managed to be able to be both utterly modest and still leave no doubt of her raw sexuality.
The up until now aloof ninetails sat beside him and watched in interest as the human was used as a warm cocksleeve.
Soon, she had it wrapped around his thick, fat cock, going down on it as Ishtar watched with a horrified face.
harry slid his fingers into her damp panties, and tentatively stroked her pussy.
Fuck.!
I just don t care only about sex or your body.
She sucked it greedily into her mouth, lashing the nipple with her tongue, purposefully moving in circles to tease and draw it forward.
God, what the fuck is he doing?
She tried to wiggle again, to move away from tendril or mutt.Instead she ended up pushing down with her chest, all but thrusting her nipple further into the sucking cup.
Even though she wasn t nearly experiencing what sex would feel like it was a good start, it would sate her for now.
Though his cock and her pussy were soaked in juices, her virgin tight walls still provided much friction as he entered.
Her hips crashed down, the grip her pussy had threatening to never let him out again!As she called him lazy, Azure started bucking his hips.
He had a few meeting that he didn't get too because they were trapped in the office going round after round of mind blowing sex.
Others managing to spray upward, thus being capable to lewdly decorate Kitty's tight bottom and slender back while her body was thrust back and forth along that still cumming cock which was now filling her in more ways then one.
He looked her over and grinned licking his lips, his cock almost jumping right there and then just from the sheer look of her lovely body.
That wasn't any fun, but Chi was far too busy memorizing every inch of her wonderful, tasty pussy.
It finally released when Feng turned her attention to Meg's clitoris Meg's body bucked, she released her breath in an involuntary cry, and her legs kicked, one heel digging into the bedsheet.
It's not as though she had the same opportunities as everybody else to explore her sexuality.
But i sure wasn't going to actually have sex with you.
Hinata just grasped Akeno's legs, suddenly lifting them up and pulling them up over her shoulders, allowing Hinata to not only drive her huge cock deeper into Akeno's body but also make it more difficult for the girl to escape her.
do you have a fucking death wish!?
"Chew on those." he whispered, and then he started to thrust, using his full length in and out of her spongy, recently virgin vagina with a low hum of pleasure leaving his lips as he fucked her.
Dick nodded.
A small grin spread across bruce's face as he sped up his gyrations."I'm a big boy alana.go ahead and let loose honey." he laughed as he began to fuck her harder.
He felt her lips immediately clamp themselves around the head of his dick, and the sensitivity of that part of a man's cock made the shaft twitch in her hand.
His fingers and palm felt over Shiki's abdomen in deliberate circles before traveling upward, which revealed Shiki's chest to his bed as Kaname gave the boy's nipples a pass over without asking for permission or even pausing to see if Shiki was okay with it.
but was then licking him clean, humming and trying to ride her dildo to her own pleasure.Ginny got to choke on her brothers cock, gagging and trying to get away as her head was kept in place, making her come up for air without missing a drop, but still leaving him a mess.Hermione tried to push the professor away, as he filled her mouth, but she was panting too much and getting fucked for enough pleasure that she was just using her hands weakly, and not trying to bite him just pushing at the cock with her tongue.
Next, Tsuzume spread her lips apart, helping expose her clit.
"i deserve this for being a dick."
Kat would freak women with his horse dick an men wanted a girl with a bigger chest.
"Have you ever licked pussy before?"
"this had better be important!" "it isPeu d'amour." Jean Claude admitted moving into the room now that he was sure they weren't fucking.
The demon mounts both girls, his twin cocks slamming into them, his balls heavy with his demonic seed.
Even not dating her, she s curious about my sex life.
He stared in awe at her.Her breasts were so wet and her nipples were hardening from the cold water.
He wasn't going to show her all of his secrets now though, she would have to be a good feral babe to be awarded with what he could do to her to give her that heavenly pleasure, not the feral pleasure they were having right now but even better, even enhanced sex that they were definetly going to have, that is if she was going to be a good obedient girl.Riddick grinned widely as she remarked him "Oh?".
It was odd she never thought he d seem too happy to see her.Ree cocked her head to the side and grinned Didn t think I d let you have all the fun did you.
Marc moaned softly closing his eyes.Enjoying the sucking pressure on his cock, fingers tangling in Draco's hair.
Even if I wanted to do you know how much of a bitch to really is for me!!
Not since sean.and that was something he was never ever going to tell clint or phil about, because if they were ever aware of just how fucked up that relationship had been, he was fairly certain sean would end up dead.
Changing into it, she had to pull the miniskirt down t her hips, to cover her pussy.
Lowering his head, he began to look at her wet pussy before his long, thick tongue began to lick up and down the underside of her pussy and somewhat onto her butt cheek and asshole as he teased her.
Of course he had no idea that he in fact did, and of course that he made her agree to several raunchy.yet possibly interestingly fun terms.He smiled as he got in the car, closing the door behind him, "Great Hope the floors gonna handle all the sex though " He said with a laugh, taking a moment to kiss her as she drove.
In recent years that had begun to change, but for many Japanese citizens same sex relationships nothing to be ashamed of.Moa placed her forehead against Hana's, looking her in the eye."I'myour friend," she said decidedly.
The sexy noises that Aly were making really turned him on more than anything.
Last night I felt so hot that I needed you.
I want to place you in my tongue.
Wanted you to stay in me.
Your tiny tongue is hotter than sunlight while you are in the mood.
Your soft lips are the most delicious apples ever bitten, your eyes are charming that I cant even help me about the aura.
I cant stop fantasizing about your perfectly shaped breasts and how amazing it would feel to run my hands and tongue all over them until theyre nice and moist.
I lose concentration when I think about your tempting body.
I cant wait to breathe deep into your ears while you pull deep inside of you.
Do you know how many times Ive mentally stripped you while playing with myself?
When I see you I am going to rip off your clothes and kiss your sexy body all over.
Rawr x3 nuzzles how are you pounces on you you're so warm o3o notices you have a bulge o: someone's happy ; nuzzles your necky wecky~ murr~ hehehe rubbies your bulgy wolgy you're so big :oooo rubbies more on your bulgy wolgy it doesn't stop growing /// kisses you and lickies your neckydaddy likies ; nuzzles wuzzles I hope daddy really likes $: wiggles butt and squirms I want to see your big daddy meat~ wiggles butt I have a little itch o3o wags tail can you please get my itch~ puts paws on your chest nyea~ its a seven inch itch rubs your chest can you help me pwease squirmspwetty pwease sad face I need to be punished runs paws down your chest and bites lip like I need to be punished really good~ paws on your bulge as I lick my lips I'm getting thirsty.
I can go for some milk unbuttons your pants as my eyes glow you smell so musky :v licks shaft mmmm~ so musky drools all over your cock your daddy meat I like fondles Mr.
Fuzzy Balls hehe puts snout on balls and inhales deeply oh god im so hard~ licks balls punish me daddy~ nyea~ squirms more and wiggles butt I love your musky goodness bites lip please punish me licks lips nyea~ suckles on your tip so good licks pre of your cock salty goodness~ eyes role back and goes balls deep mmmm~ moans and suckles o3o.
I did not fuck my cat, I did not cum on my cat, I didn't do anything weird with my cat.
Dicks are so cute omg(  ) when you hold one in your hand and it starts twitching its like its nuzzling you(/) or when they perk up and look at you like" owo nya?
:3c" hehe ~ penis-kun is happy to see me!! and the most adorable thing ever is when sperm-sama comes out but theyre rlly shy so u have to work hard!!() but when penis-kun and sperm-sama meet and theyre blushing and all like "uwaaa~!" (): hehehe~penis-kun is so adorable ()post a picture of that pussy get 200 likes
running round here like some brand new pussy thats bout to get fucked
You and yo boys some pussy cats.
go on IG bad bitches is the only thing that i like bitch get up off me bitch nigga miss me with it bitch plz whatever bitch who do you love bitches get cut off everyday B black bottle a bad bitch broke bitch cant tell me nothing cancel that bitch like Nino cant you see these hoes wont change fuck no that bitch dont even suck dick bout to fuck IG up got ya bitch tip toeing on my hardwood floors her pussy lips like Heaven doors hoe what its hitting for i met that pussy on Ocean Dr.
i gave that pussy a pill i need a trippy bitch who fuck on Hennessy i spend my money how i want bitch its my business i txt my old bitch my new bitch pussy wetter id say im back to the old me but my old bitches would get excited if you aint bout that Murder Game pussy nigga shut up if youre toes aint done you pussy stinks im done with bitter bitches its a wrap for that.
Down south chick, like em real thick pimps up pimps up hoes down Future voice post a picture of that pussy get 200 likes pussy is a powerful drug quick piece of pussy c it a drive by running round here like some brand new pussy thats bout to get fucked these bitches even worst theyll send them guys for you these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it we dont trust these niggas these bitches y niggas b cuffing hoes cause y aint never have bitches you dodge a bullet da bitches I cut off pregnant or bound to be.thank God young Pill Chamberlain these bitches love my music Teanna Trump probably cleaner than most of these twitter hoes but.
Retweet Im a fucking fag they said Females think dating a pussy is cute now?
how does doing this stuff make him a pussy?
Hennessey Venom GT thats one sexy bitch Him seh me pussy wetter then a shower curtain.lmao!!
Damn Skippy lol u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussyNo bs must b 30chance 0 rings 0 mvps 0 bitches lol ppl talk bad about the ghettohood.
The facts on tattoos.tattoo hes a pussy with not tattooing them nipples Bitches be wanting to act like niggas so bad that shit aint cuteeeee but niggas act like bitches.
Shutup pussy LMAOOOOOOOOOOO this nigga bitch want likes for some depressing shit.foh girl you know I was spitting that G shit to you you was going lbvsbitch plz Let me make a couple tweets off cuzzo page, so I wont get in twitter jail.lmao bitch dont trick me again Harlem shake is just an excuse to go full retard for 30 seconds.
amen miley but she dont need to act like a hoe just bc shes emotionally damaged foh having one loyal female is wayyyyy better than having hoes , idc Pussy licking pussy.
Das yo P.O bitch twitter finna be screamn Ya side bitch gotta know its rules to this shit.anybody ask you my cousin from jersey thinkin bout moving lmmfao 3 Amo los pies fuck yeah These hoes be thinking Meat wont slap they ass ainna bruh Y bitches wit no edges be doing the most talking Y still going trick or treating this year or nah?hell yeah ima be da sweet tooth bandit steal bitches bags n shit I wanna have sex with my mom fuck her right in that pussy where I came from damn you got hacked like fuck If she kiss u with her eyes open watch that bitch!lmfao You a woulda coulda shoulda ass hoe Happy Bday Bitch Ass Nigga preciate that bitch roll up!
.or a pussy Can pornhub just get a gaming stream feature so these dumb bitches can gtfo get on it Katie3 stop being scared to choke her during sex u bitch ass niggas.
Youre not a man if you refer to every girl as a bitch Lmfao this cat started beating the shit out of me my nigga finally got some pussy?!?
dry pussy bitches always blame it on the condom shut yo bitch ass up!
bitch wtf Shut up zoe fight me pussy for zoe?
Go back to south america bitch Toto means ass or vagina?I think pussy cause toto santi is like nasty pussy but what if he actually does choose the ugly bitch over you?
I think worst advice I gave you was dont be a pussy and speed up lol Quote this tweet with your favorite animal.pussy I hate when strippers tell you theyre dancers.
Hoe, ballet dancers dont pop their pussy to Beethoven.
Double pussy smh When bitches TWERK on the computer.
Stfu pussy I aint sharing no bitch if you mines you mines money only impress the simple broke bitches will never be anybodys bitch, they dont let people control or change them.
Hickies in between her thighs right by her pussy Its only right Would you still love me when Im no longer young and beautiful?
Lets b this faggot up i work 25 Halloween was yesterday stupid nigger Chrus still supahot tho walks up to teacher with test, drops test in that bitch fohead I love eating pussy lol I never get full lol I can eat that shit forever lol and ever.
Read it again nigs I only punch real niggas in the face cause a pussy Nigga is gonna punch me right back Strong Mush or Shake.
My pussy still fresh something stank girls say.
She got mad I aint get pussy for a week yeah Texans are so much better you fucking retard I see that youre mad about this.
Mr pussy woof woof.
Aint tht a bitch huh lol oh my god I love Victoria Mitchell my bitches love me That long distance shit wack I knew the bitch was cheating uh oh HES DOING IT RIGHT no bitches smh they BAN dat pussy for life he gotta pay 2.5 millon dollar fine Roses are red and violets are blue and niggers are black, you know thats true.
pussy You bitches be pretending to be TF crazy.
ima keep on giving these pussy ass niggas ah reason to hate !
Eat that trainer u dirty fucker Y think celebrity pussy different from the locals?
bitch who do you love Thick raw fuck Damn his man pussy is getting a workout.
A pussy a day keeps the devil away Aint that about a bitch.
Emma isnt battering the girls Ive nailed?Ive moved on,stop being a pussy n do it urself.
Dont you ever give my pussy away.
Download the mixtape here Dumb bitches do dumb things Eat the pussy like a real nigga hungry Eff it.
what a nigger Hey pussy you still there?
How do you even know what that tastes like I taught myself how to eat pussy, and cut my own hair I taught myself how to eat pussy hair Name the movie I used to dress up like a cop too.
Yeah.right after 911.mad pussy.
I woke up like thi bitch go back to bed I would rather you c me bitch than sir my manager Ill beat on that pussy so hard Im a funky ass honkey.
s shout out to tonight before Cabaret Im comparing KFC to the pussy Im downloading you a new personality and ordering you a new face!
If you talk back to me you aint getting no pussy.
Its the dykes hunter dyke with a dyke Julia Roberts, youre a ho LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO If your pussy is good but my mama dont like you?
Lmao Pound cake look like pussy Lmao The d.rose adidas are lighter than my phone.
My twitter was hacked Im too pussy to admit that I said it and now I want to act like I never said it.
Niggas be pressed for pussy, Eeeeeen nothin No bitches nan No boats and hoes please thanks Mom On top of that, she just a pregnant ass sorry hoe.
Please and thanks Did a pierced pussy just come across my timeline Remy Machiavelli send shots to ya belly my bitch Roberto you are one nasty hoe SORRY JB FANREALLY JUSTIN COME BACK.
She gotta shape up her pussy lips tho Whole wheat organic pussy She said wigga man you rich.take the durag off She was a bitch anyway Shes from Florida so youve got to do the sniff test in those swamp pussies Slow the fuck down, bitch, I know where you live!
So hes a good footb player.but he still acts like a nig Stop being a pussy, son, and shove that needle into your own heart!
Stop looking us and go eat some pussy, you yuppie fucks.
Takin it straight to dirt, why finger the pussy when I know I can put my dick in it?
Virgin pussy , regular pussy , Oomf pussy WHAAAAAAT!
Gotta report you as spam Ladies if your head game better than your pussy When im done with a hoe i pass her to the squad G!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry I dont want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an Why u being such a little bitch chris you aint six bitch Allisons Mom Why would I want to play with some pussy?
Duh bitch Why would you want pussy on your side burns?.
Thats T shirt worthy Tony Yo can I sublet your pussy Yo feet smell like my puss Whut ?
You aint gunna do shit spear chucker You aint my bitch is my favorite response to long texts You and yo boys some pussy cats.
You are a cunt You can pull pussy with a dodge and collect them panties alright.
but pussy is the root of drama an attribute put up in they head by they mama.
fuck you you pussy ass hater go suck a dick and die quick Someone, to me, in Youtube comments.
im gonna rip that bitch apart rip what apart lol its britney bitch the bible leviticus 758 niggas bitches bitch ass niggas dike ass hoes black ass and bright ass hoes fag tags and scally wags no pussy, or not tryna go to the studio, dont C my mufuckin crib like that, god.
when guys say Latinas they mean the Kim Kardashian looking girls not you bitches that shaped like a mini fridge smell like tortillas you better pipe your pussy down over there wth does that even mean?
you fucking pussy you couldnt even beat your dick.
Up like a bitches spare tire leavin dairy queen how pussy feels is that pussy bitch?
pussy Bass over bitches bitches on his dick, fishes on the dock ya bitch you!!!
Thats because theyre possibly tucking a penis This bitch got man boobs there are easier way to get pussy wout sacrificing your man hood.best of they dont include losing ur self respect!
Kanye is best when a good piece of pussy fucks him over females that tweet the dayum day r hoes that need attention is trending?!
Hey, if you got pussy, you shouldnt be broke, right?
LMAO JK i eat da pussy better than a lesbian.
i kno she pussy whipped that other nigga into putting a ring on it.
is full of white trash on you pussy naz ay i tried to tell naz!!!
how to play deez niggas n bitches dat be snakes give her da dick U gotta half stroke da pussy bc if u dump dick on dat bitch she gon become extremely anoyin lil bitch follow me !
Facts be damned should be the teabagger motto bitch GET AT ME witcha bitch pussy pussy inda hood ona sofa.wit plastic on it can get it but Im chilling till da bitch hit me up but niggas is bitches tho Boy niggaz b so bitch made u cud kiss em n da mouth!!
,,,,,, Anal gaping tranny play panty nylon part ,,,,,, BBC Anal creampie bitch ,,,,,, Blonde tranny ass fucked ,,,,,, Hardcore british queer anal pounding ,,,,,, Brazilian BBW Babe Drilled in pussy and ass ,,,,,, ebony babe pussy ,,,,,, Caught a girl rubbing her pussy in nude beach ,,,,,, Cute preggie slut big tits plays with swollen pussy ,,,,,, Up Another pussy close up ,,,,,, Squirting pussy and fingered asshole ,,,,,, amateur pussy player milf close up ,,,,,, cumshot on beauty pussy closeup ,,,,,, pussy fuck close up ,,,,,, Young Japanese girls hairy cunt cre ,,,,,, Spicy Oriental Paki Brunette sucks an un ,,,,,, ebony texas bbw with big deep pussy ,,,,,, Erotic and wild tits and pussy fucking ,,,,,, Blonde tranny whore gets rammed and facialized ,,,,,, Dude fists his wifes big pussy ,,,,,, lovely sounds of fisting a loose pussy ,,,,,, Whipped Cream Fisting ,,,,,, 21 year old hairy pussy cumming on fingers ,,,,,, Hairy Florence shoves a dildo in her hairy red pussy ,,,,,, Hairy pussy ,,,,,, hairy pussy ,,,,,, Hand job and cum on rubber pussy ,,,,,, Amateur boy fucking bitch hiddencam ,,,,,, Candid pussy shots from a hidden c ,,,,,, Home made.
My wife rubbing her pussy ,,,,,, Using my submissive bitch outdoor.
Home made amateur ,,,,,, my baby pussy ,,,,,, Pretty young Japanese girls hot cunt fucked c ,,,,,, Young Japanese girls hairy cunt creampied ,,,,,, korean girlfriend pussy ,,,,,, Latina chick gets her pussy pumped ,,,,,, Latina mature Big pussy ,,,,,, Latina with tight pussy ,,,,,, Lesbian girl eating pussy ,,,,,, Bitch in lingerie getting her wet cunt pounded ,,,,,, A very hot black tranny is mastu ,,,,,, Old bitch pleases hotlooking young stud ,,,,,, german milf getting young and old cock in her pussy ,,,,,, Sm tits ghetto whore fucking with not her stepdad ,,,,,, Hairy Alicia Silver Tinslee Reagan hairy pussy ,,,,,, homemade pussy eating Dont tell me if my gf was a hoe before me, if Im happy.
Eatin up the pussy sick of guys who sing like pussies.
So if youre not a cunt come visit me at Bourbon St 60 torch down the drain cause either I was to high and lost it or one of my niggas finessed that hoe fuckkkkk ittt A piece of pussy I love salad RT Anyway fuck you hoes, eat a salad.
ugh bitch I love you that A S S your just simply FLAWLESS I remember when you cute a peice of your hair hella short pussy ride dick like she a Jamaican.
on the pussy Loyal pussy.
when youre trying to relax but your pussy is shooting out light beams Murda out here sucking bitches ?
brittany bitch u my dog man smh bitch sellin her ass That pussy is just.
I have to explore the pussy out there Lmfao WTF kinda pussy my mom think I got, buying this shit.
Hood hoes love Harrell footb team bucket Trash you bitches is my SONS I hate when people get on my bad side cause I honestly dont like to act like a bitch On a leash Just pussy your my BFFL.
Lets fuck shit up this year I hate ya bitch ass So the new wave is bitches wearing mini shovels on their hand cunt bitches they get bat or sumn ak voice damn roaches got dicks n pussy to be doing this lol???
this fucking bitch Rachel needs to die please ugly bitches get no love I be thinkin Errbody wanna give me some pussy!
Welp The prettier bitch usually loses lol this Is science Niggaz get free pussy off of bounce beats alone!
Foh Good pussy dont neva get tired!!!
I think dem hoes on LAHHH regular.my co worker was messing with Omarion bm these hoes selfish Niccas y need lives, money, pussy, hobbies, or sum guidance.
Every girl got a and fake gay til its time to eat sum pussy.
Dont do em with my girl lol So when y in threesomes does your girl eat the pussy too?
Real Men eat pussy.
thot bitch got me fired from Sonicshe mustve tweeted My brother is a bitch, pussy, faggot, etc.
Let these hoes be great Woaaaahh that coat though lolnigga too warm in that hoe Lmao Dylan just got called a pussy by Mr O himself takes skill So you still rather have trash ass Geno Smith than Alex?!?
You blind man Watch Prust tries to hit Hank during break play pussy attempt by a pussy Fucking pussy Fuck the cowboys.
Some of y hoes nasty y find out y sharing or shared dick with a dirty ass female and still fuck the nigga This is awkward u fag wonder whos awesome tank that is Been watching madea plays every night singing ass bitches ion wanna hear it, then hoes faker than Momma Dees teeth Aint that a bitch I Want You To Be Pussy Whipped Im yours Bro like I really enjoy like eating pussy from the back.
boosie got hoes Ill beat the pussy up, thats a hook right thur Jose ur mean I said ily stfu hoe girls are fucking retarded my back started cramping up man its the double ds Theres a difference between being actually crazy aspiring crazy real shit.
Dont y eva believe a colored man dont eat no pussay lesbian pussy taste like rainbow trout!
I fo da colored folk dying from dis shit food haha imma catch Ebola Trynna keep myself warm lol ewww bitch well stay far away from me Sum wrong with the pussy Sweetssmh you tweaking rich homie is trash you damn near still listen to lil b wow On some real shit if I catch this bitch its game on.
didnt he say u say no to ratchet pussy Juicy J cant If you have a different dude every other week you might be a hoe.
Ending the night with some rips so much for hitting me up bitch If yo pussy stank u wasnt raised correctlylmao Phat pussy looks like a scrotum Everybody entitled to they own opinion tho.
 the seniors young side hoes gonna be at graduation like Realist bitch to ever step foot on a soccer field every team has a bitch like this When the nigga with the aux cord playin some trash shit bitch in the middle look like a daddy long leg how black bitches drive when they song come on y some fucking coons Aint my gf you lil nigguh stfu glory be to GOD then lmfaooooooo What these bitches want from ah nigga If Beyonce Kim Kardashian have no problem sucking their mans dick then you average looking broke bitches shouldnt neither if u say ur a mermaid it obviously means ur pussy is fishy Im Dres a bitch tho Oh my dogs pussy is so tight, time to loosen it.
When you go down to eat the pussy and it smells tangy Ima just block you hoes out!or block em either one lol Its my dogs birthday you should get it a bad bitch find a loyal ho
You gotta fuck every race just to see which dickpussy you like the best.
thot I couldnt hit a woman with a penis and pussy, I dont care how sexy or rich she is shit where you from
Lmao lexy such a hoe lmfaooo Eat her pussy nd look at her like this FML My period on !
Cant pop that pussy now huh?
because I thought Jay Z would hit her yeah he is known for sockin a bitch or 2 Good pussy have a Nigga like funniest thing Ive ever seen on my tl Y so fuckin trash yo!!!
Say bitch you pussy bitch get outta here dumb ass lmao wulf bitch thank you Liking my pictures to get a follow ass bitches I might fuck around and fuck yo bitch eat her ass when your steal her so youll be a real ass nigga This weather need to not flag today!
TRUST ME youre a bitch for denying them pussy You the Real MVP thats wat ya bitch said when I finished Burnt pussy lips gal in the blue throwing it The bad bitches are only bad until they start talking anyway.
U the dummy taking a pic When Im in that pussy, honey Im home!
That shit annoying Eliot was a pussy.
U deserved every foul word that came out Chris mouth bye hoe One last shot at this love shit then Im dogging you hoes negro, you wear a size 5.Im in a 12Im at a 6 now still growing whats good, family?in the gym looking at hoes hit u later Birthday Weekend starts today Shut yo hoe ass up Bitch niggas pay for hoes just to lay with hoes relax one night youll pay to stay with hoes if your wardrobe consist of mostly leggings, yous a hoe guilty In the m with yo bitch and yo money Im getting me somethin Eat a lot of protein Eat a lot of pussy
Water polo is so fucking hard yeah if youre a pussy Edward did OSS, he sparkled bitch reality who the old bitch??!!
then want respect When you fuck her GOOD she trip even good dick makes a bitch go crazy so many hoes, thats whypreach If a photographer doesnt have a back story on how he started, he did it for pussy Ive sounded like a fag the last few days your emotions are inspiring girls w fat pussy slim waist fat ass n innocent smiles truuuuuu You can be Seminoles but not redskins?
KSeminole tribe got an agreement with them.fsu pay them to use the name Who that pussy wet for ?
Tell that bitch to get a bra When the pussy stank Remember this bro?
That white pussy uhhh get ya No longer a side bitch Spitting on people just shows you werent raised right.
And he hate colored folk Darkskin Girls Ugly ass bitch Its like when a bitch gotta pretty pussy but its loose.
I heard thigh gaps is a way of telling if a bitch pussy is loose.
I hate a nosey bitch.some than others i got money , guns , gold , bitches nd stacks nigga fuck this net beef have my shooters get at niggas a Bring dat Friday den If a bitch comes for me I hope she bout that slick shit she yapping about Thuggin Im finna eat some pussy lmao A new breed of white girl.
she slammed that bitch A Bitch Couldnt pay me to get dem pregnant again fr fam ion see how niccas out here poppin kids out Niggas want pussy.
When she ask how imma eat her pussy Girl you eat mo pussy than me girl you shoulda been a nigga thats that jam Leave the bitchin to bitches Last night was well.
Fun lmao you got some pussy didnt ya Vern unfortunately no lol Y females love y a bum nigga or a jail bird.!!!!
until that bitch bite too hard put a hoe out once for that these the kids that c you nigger on xbox when he makes u his WCW his hoes favorite it Females that know they are hoes really the coolest chicks. sex asideslmao They game is over fuck y bitches y attitudes It might be Some of y females pussy wet cause he cried smh I say bitch bad, woman good, lady better Lupe?
I let my girl handcuff me to the bed thinkin she gon do something freaky this bitch went through my phone What if pussy treated condoms like cars treat seatbelts and kept beeping until u put it on?
but pussy Food
so food pussy.
clothing violation Miss you pussy I smoke like 20 backwoods a day cop dem bitches by da box woe already going how I look at side hoes when daddy walk in the room.
lol Lover old bitch Shavonne was doing ballet in the middle of the street last night and fell bitch it wasnt ballet I want pussy for dinner When her nudes trash you gotta draw clothes back on her and send em back hoes be like omg i love my new comb thought this was Perro knee asscrow ass slut hoethot whore I feel like twerking This is why yo pussy stank Kanye might be the first nigga to successfully save a hoe.lol this a original.
Tweet 10 under in Miami is a keepernot hard to find them hoes just like to brain wrestle Quote this with a weezy verse youre like a bitch with no ass you aint got shit You just ugly AF stick to one Rt This new avi trash or nah You goofy Only goofy niggas simp over chicks with community pussy.
Always tryna degrade girlsshit when really.pussyass is almost y think about so shuuutt iittt.
Thanks AShanni pats turkey dry Good pussy be making a nigga have to regroup pull out and get your thoughts together I ate oomf pussy her Ion care about none of these bitches Never seen so many perfect bitches til I made a Twitter but Im a boss ass bitch.bitch.bitch.bitch.bitch.bitch.bitch.
agreed, eating pussy is so much betterthey both Nasty fuck a dats my bitch , not my crush I want is bitches, big boooty bitches I dont like a ghetto female If Jennifer Hudson can lose weight anybody can you fat ass hoes!!!
Stop giving a nigga pussy he stop actin like he care no true totally.
An orangutan once tried to have sex with actress Julia Roberts.Smart monkey Ever met a bitch that fucked with your nigga but was to pussy to admit it ?
Lol we dont love these hoes Fuck a bad bitch id rather have a good girl whos a freak just for me 1010 times single af we dont care youre ugly anyways me pussy I dont love these hoes we When you try to smash but that pussy stank Im not a bitch like lol sorry not sorry, tried to give him a hint that I didnt want to speak to him so idc.
Boyfriends thatll eat yo pussy day long
potato salad Im so happy in the morning after I shave my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick I be laughing when my ex be tryna stunt, bitch you forgot I went with you I know what you got dont got Wish tonight was purge so I can get to hunting Shut yo hoe ass up what if I tell y Im trying to turn up for bayou classic bitch you got the id.
Throw that ass in a sphere Niggas is hoes man I swear This hoe Mimi said I hurt my hand bitch her throat dis hoe BRI will fuck up a wet dream Pop up in the dream like u a hoe broski u gotta look at dat shit Lil bitty bitch lingo Shawty wanna charge for pussy but Im like whoa now turnt her on to cash she use to fuck for free Victor shawn legs dont hurt?
Not me I hop in ya bitch Bitch Im on, bitch Im on my griiind thug luuuuuuv My phone charging backwards retarded I want some pussy fb hoe loldamn next time be nicer.
Lmfao Right Idk which one was selling pussy for 65 but thats way too high for them ahhh you know who?
Im glad you speak your mind to these 2faces hoes Gave that bitch a bib since she wanna act messy im excited about Boosie getting out than Valentines dayhe get Vday pussy allstar weeekend pussy and mardi gras I dont like Popeyes spicy chicken them bitches be on 10 boa you trippen I wonder if I oomf I be like I want fuck would I be wrong or you a be one brave as bitchone day Its so wonderful when you meet a dude thats not a bitch ass nigga these days yeah he lowkey loves me he knows hes ma nigga we dont love these hoes Im 2 much for these niggas and 3 much for these hoes Jordyn stays making fun of how I eat like a little bitch He did go in i was actually surprised he when that hard N the crib listen 2 my nig GEazydont diss my homie You aint special niglet When Im chilling wit Greg ppl walk up to me to ask me to take picshatin gotta buy those antislip shoes so these hoes wont catch me slipping grow up bitch they was cute Scrappy always on the reunion with hella hoes real nigga lmao if he has a girlfriend dont be a hoe and text him yanno who u r Dont really have anyone to talk to when things start going wrong.
where the fuck is your top lip in my pussy mane the skinny bitches was playin lol I had too take my weight class too another level Lemme find out you niggaz letting bitches shit on yo faces niggas is weirdos cigarettes are so gross half the bitches that smoke cigarettes I like down bitches Niggas talk then bitches these days now bitch you know.
PREACH bitches be set hoppin like bitch get your life for u get beat up lmao That pussy so wet she gotta dry outsidestop telling my business whens homecoming ho?
slut the 17th Asians have short beds, my feet are hanging off the edge of the bed cuddle me bitch Im right beside you u a regular nig, u played out b lol ima b Ig famousthese days that counts for somethin Congrats to kim k.this a great day for hoes everywhere Lol maybe I should give in nd date these hoes on dateslet me know how that work lol Imma pull up on you eat on that pussy and dip If you cant get pussy without lying to a girl you wack dont hate.
My daughter makes me with I wasnt a hoe from age 1825 u on a roll tonight pussy prolly taste like heaven Now maam.
Every jawn on here been tryna have they pussy cop a feel on Dontes peen You know idgaf about a womans lingerie matching when I love hairy pussy so much Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap Pineapples on sale at publixhoes on sale tooup stairs I need ran theo and theo HOMIE rocking the cool I need some free shit or some hoes Stills get no pussy hes jus being rational a fag what class you in right now?
I need my headphones for seventh period Im serious bitch ass.ms.Trophenboum aw OMG this show made me cry Im such a pussy manyou really are brian stfu its twitter i could retweet anythingdont make me bitch slap you again Fucking slut
I can believe that wiz khalifa and that one bald bitch are getting divorced Single moms got that proven pussy LOL fckd up but truuu Hate when a chick say go deeper when u already dishin out u got Bitch wanna date the flyest nigga then be shocked when he has hoes lol Ladies what if a dude put two hands in your pussy and started clapping?
If u offering is pussy dont be mad when u receive is dick Things hoes say.
Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26 no you homo sorry I cant be straight like you and pull mad bitches me 3 you dont even lift pussy Half tempted to go outside and run my phone over with my car because its such a piece of shit.
do it pussy is it too early to put your face in some pussy?
Hes a pussy.
I want my ears to look like this I just want this bitches earrings lol I dont take people niggas bitches dont play about they niggas , specially they baby daddies No BS I used to be that fat bitch everybody made fun of look at me now I was made fun of for being ugly hoe If pussy is just pussy to you, you a nasty ass nigga.
Dont play no pussy shit.
On a scale of 110 this bitch is literally a 6 this dude a fucking legend bruh, fuck her right in the pussy lmao true legendFuck her right in the pussy!
Wifey means The pussy good right now but you gotta go in 2 months.basically Bro my birds stay having sex , its on a daily now.he said look ma no hands Who clothes in the dryer?
pussy If fleek in yo vocabulary you a faggot Fake bitches I dont want your hugs Shine on them hoes look at my baby daddy I really hate Poly bitches.
Lying about who you are ass hoes lmao I cant talk right now i got pussy on my tongue we single cuz only hoes are left.
 the good ones taken lmaoANY FEMALE ON THE TL THATS SINGLE.You a snobop in a relationship with the idea of you girls with trash love lives my ananconda dont want none unless u clean those shitty buns Hun shitty pussy ur pussy smell like dumpster juice wow you mean the niggaz i shot?
Ill give you 100k if u let any nigga smell your pussy and it dont smell like shit.
K Michelle pussy smell like shit
 the hoes loyal And you know that I believe it , cause her pussy to mee.
I want this bitch next to me , pussy like ecstasy.
Beat the pussy up till its red like rosters and after I fuck I get to moovin like the hoovas.
Fuck her right in the pussy Fucking on the first night dont make you a hoe.
Have you ever had sex ina cherry red vet witha fat trap Niggah keep that pussy sooo wet.
Ima kill that pussy straight murder that shit , and Ima eat it , eat it , eat it And lick it till it slaps.
Ima pull up , eat on that pussy and dip , Ima real young niggah witha muhhfuckin attitude Walk up Im yo spot you would think a niggah mad at you.
She drippen vanillaaaaa , she know Im the pussy killaaaa.
when it comes to pussy I have no fucking friends hostel iii is really what were watching right now Cause they aint her I aint eem watchin the awards yet, but why hoes hatin on Kim K?
Youll get a kick out of the newest form of white privilege Every bitch got a fat ass or she 3,000 from it Views from the 6 gon be Instagram picture titles for a while.brace yaself my nigs i drowned in ur pussy so i swam 2ur BuT.
Nicolas Cage unrolls dusty secret scroll It says here James Madison was a whiny little bitch Sings I killed that pussy she died with her eyes open!
Teachers c you a pussy for not doing senior skip day bitch breathes me could you not?
makes a wise argument about the accelerated Warholian notion of celebrity in the era of Vine passing teens mock my old wrinkled balls pops that pussy for singles pregnant crazy bitch wus the answer we were looking for.
Hes pussy tho he blocked me 1 Otakon badge, now with what Im going to lovingly refer to as my cripple ribbon.
.if Amber Rose can rock a bald head and a bald pussy then motherfucker so can I.
Pretty close 0 trash ass nigga Quote this and Ill guess your body count 100 days til Christmas bitches 100 mile dead zone radius around Philly.gotta go to NY or DC The tri state needs better bitches 100s 50s 20s yea I like my money in order bad Asian bitch yea she look just like Kemora 108 MIL And its cause of Romo bitch ass Dez Witten not eating 1119 w the depot 1219 a pussyfootin xxxmas hoe hoe hoe motherfucker santa claws is coming to town 12 was like Blocked bitch Dont start They are blocking us in 13 shy 65 bitch 22 homosexual 15.
Did twitter ever get you pussydick 18 year old pussy tastes like hope.
Until that bitch drop 416 we know ya bitch 4th Beat my pussy up like i snitched on you and you had to serve time in a state correctional facility for 5 years.
hes still filthy, you can hate him u want but if you dont have respect for him, ur retarded good pussy comes with a price tag me bitch me tho This bitch wants to be included so fuckin baldly bruh!!!!
the chick who is gorgeous and so fine but her pussy stinks the person who significant other a hoe and you the so cheating no bitch I had to use my whipers!!
Thats what happens when your getting pussy.
fuc her and her pussy nasty and he whips mommy with the belt.
no wonder you run nose first for yo real nigger white devil massahs or any man pointing at another to convince u he is less.they cry over lost pussy, emotional than a sissy.
push me on the w slowly take my panties down and write alphabet with ur tongue on my tight pussy bitches are hoes dont be surprised faggot Hey, I dont always go there.
Youre a fucking pussy crusty hoe double up on this game bitch bitches tryna take my money, g.
We aint friends, pussy.
Chill Snapchat got hacked, of you hoes about to have some explaining to do Ive seen a number of bitches on here say theres no such thing as loose pussy lol.
the hoes be by my house , we be at tony spot mf he said he got you in workouts pussy!!!!!!
so a man who is a pussy and a coward overpowered you and easily took what was yours?
tBeDumb bet that some good pussy!!!
Fuck u broke ass racist fuck u bitch These hoes aint loyal pussy ass schedule I do not like talking to you faggot and I did but in a nicely way fag answer my snapchat faggot
Tourching tht bitch youre our bitch though Just come stop in this bitch cause im bout to get off niggas be on pussy shit cause youre a sexy bitch do i literally eat asshole for a living?
D Dick and pussy is too precious to give up and be ruined by some bullshit that was done to me.
finger my throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur face this account is so incredibly retarded.
right in the pussy send them damn beaners back where they belong n the US aint it omfg you elitist bitch no one cares what you think!
did you get your volcano yet faggot she prolly got some bomb pussy too.
what the holy fucking hell is going on at the EPA, those overzealous cunts, I cant wait for 2016 Send the fucking muzzies home, now doj come and get me motherfuckers place pussy on stache let pussy take ride your whats wrong with the white race you fuckin coon slaying piece of poop please die alone aye were da fawking ginzos of fawking queens and fawking nassau lets record a song bitch right nowb lol so retarded lmao bitch shut up whats up my bitches?!
Why protest about sexism then go right home and beg for a guy to beat your pussy up?
negro please.I got a job now lmao shoulda told her yeah if I can take you home for pussy lol bitch bye you cant get it bitch is you drunk or nah its almost ya fucking birthday.
yes because I too want to be fat and have a fat bitch wife fuck outta here and go put some trash ass ink on your faggot ass self pussy stay talking defending your fuckboy ass boyfriend or what?
way to delete your tweets you stanky bitch pussy your gay stfu, dumb monkey these bitches need guidance.
now go off to pussy land where u belong dont be a bitch.
pussy ass nigga.
Right in the pussy you c someone a faggot and then say to kill themselves, you are a pathetic human being.
I would dead upper cut that bitch maas mermaid and sharkette pussy my nigga what her pussy smell like?
cmon pussy true!
He was just Tryna get some pussy breh nigga byeeeee lmfao Ill be dammed if a fag stole my girl
Love your dripping pussy god wrote em now think again coon hell Idk who did but that pussy better be golden lmaoooo aye people person so you know lil Rico got hoes hahaha I thought youd get the hint that we know youre a fake cunt and delete your fake account.
cause of the loads of pussy you get right cuz people at work are bitches they shit talkers and yeah dude I need a girls night out haha yes niggah but yesterday night Idk man it hit me at night like around 2 in the morning didnt go to sleep till like 4.
see bro pussy changes you wetback yeah bitch hit me up when you get friend zoned Brody yeah right pussy !
hes a cheating wetback he called the Kidd a pussy or something I couldnt find the regular one faggot
I wants to make da lovin to a white girl wit a colored man watchin and pullin his weenis cdfu bitch you fried Makes you a pussy.
A bitch too Im here now hoe I guess that dumb bitch but we need to drink some time my place an fuck someone up haha laying in bed bout to pass out 630 is gonna be a bitch haha just kiddin but ya we should and get that fag to come and well go fishin or some shit pulled up in that bulbasuar, you know Im bout to make yo girl pussy sore bitch I got some bloods dat hang in la fuck off lil bitch, prolly gotta lil dick gotta keep your bitch in check you look like fucking shrek bitch choke on bread bitch ya girl is a slimy ass hoe.
Hes a honky brah get on cunt pussy no I wuz just making a general statement.
Ive never called u a bitch I know these hoes aint right bitch shut the fuck up goddam your a slut bitch whore nigga jk Id fuck a dog before I fuck you fish pussy ya but you cant because its a real account dumb bitch I go to wams fucking bitch nigga grow some balls and concentrate pussy!!
dude I was pissed but then looking at it I fucking died at least Im the most yoked ape Id sell anything if people are willing to buy it, how highly do prostitutes think of their pussy to sell that because if you support lesbians you have to support faggots theres no difference.
bitch ass nigga Rico awe boy your shirt tight than a bitch in that avi polo man turnt into a wrestler fat ass lil boy boy look like a Slave on that hoe lmaoooo middle school knocking down the pussy with the earrings on my shirt and no French toast No problem, remembering those quirks can be a real bitch.
pussy purp.
fags ur moms pussy died a slow death so well have good company purple pink.for the faggots who want to be protected.by the police, instead of BEARING ARMS if need be!
You may not know, nor believe this but Im legendary for curving pussy.
You cuffed up aint ya wassup pussy lmfao putting on for twitter i see fat bitch just watch bitch nigga u gonna want the whole team dead hey you bitch, you should get the on your show.
Oh wait its my fucking birthday bitch what are you doing tonight pussy?
yasssss bitch yasssss Its gonna bring it down though unless its turning into a welt already, like a bubble wit pussy.
Gotta pop it an itll be gone Slide up on a bad bitchDat bitch look good bitch i dont even look like that keep talking and we going to fight bitch im real nigga the fuck u mean weak ass nigga i do me i dont pretend to be someone im not so u can shut that shit up fuk boy bitch your unknown u dont have a mixtape and you damn sure cant rap, u couldnt rap if your life depend on it naw u keep it 100 fake get yo lame ass on somwhere wigga hell no get on somwhere oh hell no u have no swag whats so ever not even a little bit with dem cheap ass pugs and why so have a rag on bitch u not black yea thats what i thought pussy boy u r a fucking thot thats a win right there.
that was real nicca shit tho lol you mean bitch ass pussy mine pussy lol yeah bro good choice.
But bitches do love foreign whips so its a personal decision pussy.
you aint 6 feet under its not over pussy your a bitch if you hit a girl you a bitch Edgar your a punk pussy ass bitch!
Your one really thats why we got side hoes Y am I not surprised UGLY MIKE BOOGIE has to buy pussy??!!!!
shut up bitch and focus on that L tomar you want my pussy so bad speak english prude ass white bitch thirsty basic ass bitch Yooo I was thinking bout that the other day lol.
dude tell me why thats so true my mom has this friends from Texas trying to hype redskin footb and shit becuz no man should celebrate his bday at a drreams nice account faggot pussy who can vouch for ya pussy tho k?
quit being a pussy Ja zo denkt ieder wel t zijne over zaken he.
pussy ass bitch dont be a bitch smh thats what I c a crash dummy hoe pom poms YOU MAKE THAT SHIT YEAHHHH jus wanted to let yll know hope the hurricane kills your soca sunday trash lol you tell that bitch LMFAOOOO if that bitch didnt change his so much I could find bitch stop hatin cause they aint make em in toddler size.
Dumb crybaby pussy.
Says the old man I hope you can survive another 10 years, you silly Jigga boo monkey lol, that pussy got rich niggas losing their minds too.
I want to eat your pussy That band is white trash, and only white trash would buy that album.
Neither does your fucking cat, pussy.
Bc hoes are tools hahahaha Im so funny Asian pussy?
lil bitch cant punch a potato both of y pussy boa!
you knw where i am pussy i hate when u ask me tht vraag t Sven,hij denkt Hoe lichter van kleur, hoe beter het le kompas werkt.
What a pussy.
hes am has no clue old with a old wolf pussy that is omfg or the other pics of the tranny lmao lol fuck these lil bitches aint shit to peep wassup w you tho youre a bitch I hate those creepy ass dolls that c you dada, Im like bitch I aint yo daddy lemme find out you twitter beefin with hoes bitch need crutches pussy poppin on a headstand while ur eating watermelon Na a young bitch got school those god damn chinks.
no send the fucking challenge quit being a pussy meet me later for a reach around Charlie Crist
Juvie made me white bitch looks like spongebob shelby your pussy is beat up of these bitches lying drunk bitch used to eat my ass its relaxing finger my pussy slowly with circular motion finger my throbbing pussy finger my wet throbbing pussy slowly as I cum on ur fingers fuck my throbbing pussy slowly fuck my wet pussy with ur huge cock happy cuz I woke up white and not a nigger!
hells yeah fuckin sick ass bitch my pussy is aching for ur follow bae nigger!!
only a ratchet bitch would so does my juicy pussy nice ears bitch you look like a god damn elephant.
pussy.
it was a joke you fugly bitch be happy uncle snoop even acknowledged your nasty ass lmao you fucking pussy every time I beat you Im being a faggot maybe Im just being better than you lmao So many bitches you gon need to change ya name from Jebidiah to Bitches.
Dont pop trunk on me Im just a bitch ass niiiieeegggaaa bitch ass because youre the ratchetest of them bitch you do realize ya pussy stank right?
Happy Birthday pussy.
I can fix my grammar but u still fat awe boy you smell like monkey sex he had the hoes too He must think you bump pussy.
Look at those bitches fuck her right in the pussy some of them bitches give you than a virus Id pop dat lemon for some real pussy.
Id break that little bitches finger done that spell check we know you meant fat liberal Dyke feminist Nazi bitches right in the pussy kike your a soft nigga is my big long lost brother I swear.
1v1 gun game pussy fag Apple TV got the NFL channel on that bitch, Im pretty sure theyre on there.
that should read suck on my bacon encrusted middle finger Muslim twats touch muzzie fuckers, hope it was set to go full of bacon and pork rinds still shouldve walked over and said something pussy I got u bitch I argue that Cersei is neither evil nor a bitch.
u think that dream has anything to do with those two dumb bitches in San Diego lol ant is a pussy man, dont make me pull up the pic!!!!
Honestly make me white trash cousin fucker nothin much cousin touching white trash wigger wannabe bitch boy dick sucking fucking gay bitch you a fucking wigger so stfu Yeaa black bitches actin like they too good for an average nigga like they just got A1 credit and pussy , um no that only a fuck you bitch and done xavier will hopefully respect girls bc I am doing it alone and I dont want that I never said you was a hoe guilty consents ass girl fag you better feel the love.
what do you want fag your a fag do it then pussy ill fuck you til you love me faggot shut up you stupid bitch at least after nearly two decades of complete trash they put out ATYSYC to redeem themselves.
I remember his nephew Lucas crying and dan saying quit being such a pussy and grow a pair or something.
sweet comeback u fuckin herb I dnt watch soccer but id still wax your bitch ass in it go swallow the red soxs kids ur from NYC fag youre such a pussy is big cat a fat pussy joke?
go eat bear shit you fuckin yokel dont talk to your hoe that way lol wyo bitch You sound like youre pussy whooped.
Youre a sensitive, pussy whooped, no sense of humor, neo zoom maxi dweeb.
true but then again Im my opinion a hoe is someone who goes and sleeps with everybody pussy he talkin bout we wanna be human and Im just like.
Im from Chicago boy I aint no pussy from the burbs.
she playin pussy hole bingo.
shut yo beaner ass up spic and hop your faggot ass back across the border little nigga, go listen to some pitbull shut up pussy faggot i know bout yo wack ass dreads nigger nah youre a nigger Kik is for hoes.You either gone shit or get off the pot.
I know some Asian folks that would love to see how you prepare your pussy before eating it.
I didnt know you was following me hoe politics isnt twitter coon lol choke on something hoe lmao cunt fuck off my pussy boi bitch me bitch im tryna keep a clean track record the fuck bruh we dont love these hoes is an evil hate whitey racist who thinks Delbert Belton deserved it.
dont get it twisted said aint playin ny state of mind when bitches is around clicks link I woulda jus told skylar one night hey I got a flight in the mornin.you wit it or nah while textin my brazilian bitch LOL this is why u my nig he jus need to go to brazil get himself a bad brazilian bitch and jus relax if yo girl let them in, she a hoe.she belong to the world, why u cuffing her why is he stressin himself this nig can be livin lik meech before he went to prison your welcome my nig bitch your yuck gotta love it when the islamofascist cow tries to make a retort about age, typical muzzie idiocy im on that hoe now lmaooo hell naw nigga you must was playing school of blind and cripple shut up bitch it ainn complete witout Money Melle n it please acknowledge my existence you amazing son of a bitch see bitch this is why you have no friends look here bitch if i wanted to be gramatically correct, i would have im talking about the pucture of the pussy cat you nit twit Him as well, They like their fried chicken,esp the spear chuckers.
quit being a baby hit that patchouli pussy!
Toodles to you bitches speaking of little bitch you didnt even do your squats you little bitch kept talking to distract everyone else icu if I can get this bitch to go bitch you know the lingo hoe lol lol toughen up pussy that hoe skilled we gotta find this hoe boi stop!
Wear your shoes ya big bitch.you missed the couch shot Ray Allen bailed you out.pussy r u a faggot?
that shit chunky lol psh if a sexy bitch gotta sexy voice she can easily get shit goin pussy stop being a pussy.
were talking about fucking you right in the pussy yer dirty pussy do it pussy No woman deserves to be sole stomped like that.
Ugh Nice pussy.
y playful dont come dumb hoes booty wop sided as hell pussy they bout to try and hoe you next what are you doing up right now Tavares.
reason for why he only rap about pussy.
What does he want tf pussy whipped She doin homework you jiggaboo.
AAP is Maoists, terrorists,Congies and delusional Retards but S HE got a pussy now which makes him a her.
Support them but dont bitch Im gonna tell my friend not to buy your scuf now dumb chink frail pussy use coconut oil faggot this shit sorry than a hoe the witches took them hoe nvm thought we were talking fifa sorry matt youre not trash at zombies its got good mojo for sure.
Paybacks a bitch Nice pussy.
would be funnier if America and not pussy Canada.
just got his pussy kicked, hes out, done, wins, per Fox News.
I havent seen it, but judging by there being a little girl in it, its probably trash you tryna say Im a pussy?
I aint no pussy duuuuuuu keep ya draws on hoe!!
There are literally thousands of people that have you on their radar homo geta Life faggot nah its bc Im a bad bitch pussy pussy shit here its a wtf dude are you fucking retarded thx hoe Your a dirty cunt mate lol if it were close than we could bitch but that was going on 10 to zip on scorecards.
Lovin the pussy pics Shit your ass and shabbat your moms pussy u Jew bastard.
pussy its the truth.
I dont love hoes barely a rhyme dumb bitch bitch wigga why the fuck r u in this conversation with yo stalking ass bitch I dont want yo fat ass following me hoe bitch am dumb bitch am smarter than yo fat Peter Griffin looking ass bitch when r u going to get ur round, I just fucking said this just proving my point bitches like u be proving my point, u speak on shit u know nothing about I got a fucking at studio movie grill just stfu now fuck that stfu shit how a bout u stop being a little bitch and get it round cuz u avoiding question u fucking scarry u calling me a pussy but u not bout shit fuck this talking lets pop shit off then wow your fucking lame we laughing at ya.
Uhhh naw you the niggah thats that i dont FW that nigga he pussy well I for damn sure aint putting on no pussy ass romo jersey I heard was Im a bitch nigga youre such a bitch my phone was dead fag man happy birthday!!
so is my pussy touch my throbbing pussy haha 1.
She can get the D I want to suck your pussy slap a bitch Thats what happens when you have pussies for presidents and generals, you have to fight the same war over and over again.
spiked that bitch damned nailed her down that area is a bitch regardless so I can imagine I aint no lady bitch what that pussy do tho?
The only way you could get pussy.
I swear I thought you were describing a pussy.
Im done playing games always down patty never been a pussy suck on my throbbing pussy suck it up pussy Jews and white race traitors have to be swept clean so the Aryan race can survive.
Alright pussy.
big fucking deal.cry baby niggers Fuck her right in the pussy nigga I still pull tho, and fuck you bitch u stfu bitch who scarry am not backing down from no fuck nigga the fuck you talking bout hoe ass nigga stop dat talking and pull up fuck what a nigga gonna do I wanna see it and tell that nigga to stop acting like a bitch then bitch i hit you with the dm and a nigga aint dm back hahahaha move bitch get out the wayyyeee haha pussy lololol what did you search?
I called him a pussy and got blocked real quick by him and Bobby Kelly.
thanks for the invite tho bitch niggers your just building the pussy up lmao!
fuck balls kike nigger cunt tits cocksucker chink spic piss bitch bastard pussy faggot.
fuck you bitch Did you take a picture of your pussy I hope you super sized it because its huge grand canyon size boy talk about a,special kind of stupid far left is a under statement down retarded another keyboard commando in real life you hide like a little bitch dont get head from hoes with overbites its a band negro
Chippah I hopes you aint be hangin wit dis wigger boy one charlotte store, but of course they are faggots bitch been on there for ah mintue cdfuuuu bitch nigga bitch tits I know you are a pussy ass coward that is weaker and smaller like GZ we dont send pussy ass cowards to old sparky yeah because George Zimmerman is a pussy ass coward.
so keep spewing ur shit put your money up pussy alright then well in calling you a pussy also Fuckin muzzie cunts, should be deported, savages Gs up, hos down, Rush.
you fuckin Yankees Ill be there in 2 months Ill meet you pussy dryer then them bad ass eyes of your fag Yup, he did, like a straight bitch
The Biebs is getting fucked right in the pussy
right in the pussy the whole bunch of the trash needs 2 jus go away.
I dont love these hoes thats Arabic for you one pussy gettin motha fucka lmoa high as giraffe pussy I thought it was beyond retarded not scary at all!
Nigga YOU the pussy.
Yeah, somethin like a hispanic lmfao I wasnt scanning anything.the fat hoes was hittin me up how you gonna compare sushi to pussy tho there aint no dicks going in your sushi laughin at my screenshots.
how about I just fuck you right in the pussy hes a lying faggot.
If ya want Ill try to scoop ya up today if ya shut up faggot fuck you bitch pussy x3 get some sleep pussy.
haha yeah they do say im a little bitch with pick up lines like you have.I bet you get so much pussy, the numbers are in the negative.
Thanks to for pointing out your true colors PimpinKendotnet, sell a bitch pussy til its drip drop wet, the vet, not the pet!
be a pussy
one time at band camp, I stuck a flute in my pussy Spanish springs You are full of it!
bitch crib while she cooks me cheesed eggs if we finna hoop inside or out fucking retard thats what Im saying let me know allergic reaction lip ass nigga we some hoes bruhhh lol ya bitch crib hes texas trash bro retarded pussy games
But not disaster pussy.
Sit down and watch from the sidelines pussy.
Me tweeting about eating pussy from the back with my tongue in that made that obvious.lol only 3 12 yrs till next pres.
I got a DD214 that would make a pussy like you cry for the enemy.
no reason to hit with you when I know you pussy I wont get no cool points I lied, it hurt like a bitch, and it bruises your arm.
if we dont hang out until the concert smh ima kill a bitch well hes a cunt and he can suck my ass you fucking twat just start talking pussy boi you aint shit pussy lol go get hit you aint been touched in 10 yrs lmfao and I replied hoe gotta love Tanner Country, hoes all,haha!
Lmao She kinda bad doe in the Pole her pussy smell like boiled hot dog water and lizard dick.
timber nigger I got hoes in different area codes I roll up to a bitch an dey like Tims a pussy hey nig thats what i thought pussy.
and i dont have a mom bitch ass nigga u better shut your fucking mouth before i do it for you with duck ass if your going to talk shit at least back it up and fight bitch ass nigga i swear u niggas from are fake pussy boy lmfao and im still pulling hoes so how is that suppose to effect me is it suppose to hurt my felling fuck boy oh woulda coulda shoulda ass niggas bitch ass nigga, what u bout oh ban wagging ass nigga catch your phase you talkinfgalot of shit but you cant back dem words up tho bitch ass nigga u not talking about fighting bitches need guidance.
you getting new pussy and not sharing??
wya bitch Deep in my pussy were your tongue should be.
And lmao pussy!
ted cruz.leader.lol lol lol lol lol OMG lol lol lol lol lol you are a funny ass redneck.lol lol lol lol Friggin Red State pussy Republican.
Man up and own it ya chicken shit pussy Republican bush took 3 times as many vacations.
Eat my pussy!
anyone named swagner is obviously a pussy thanks ya fucking hoser u see a lame in that pic ofmine due to your infatuation with niggers.
Im Hebrew i fite the children of satan in the streets No bitch Linda over KOD fuck Miley tranny looking now damn ass nigga say that hoe has sparked a many a blunt since you left it girl thats these hos need they dont care thats what I thought pussy no ur the blind bitch.
bitch answer my calls bitch smd that bitch bouta be ZOOTED im coolin you know me same ole shit different day my nig lmao pussy lets go right now bitch and i knocked you last time lets fight right now he killed that hoe though lmaoooo I know Taylor in Brazil eating that overseas pussy lmaooooo bro you still got that shit you are a hoe we boxing when you come back nigga you a hoe for that Im rolling you got some hoe not only that.
That was some pussy shit So was I cunt, welcome to twitter you gay, Gabrielle bad as fuck.
Thats my pussy lol imma look at a bitch ass if I wanna!!!
she like imma stop talking to you because you vibing in them headphones.Talk to me and come get this pussy in other words truuuu bitches dont have ANY respect for themselves so Im with you on the shit talkin lol faggot you have your nips pierced too ?!
fuck em right in the pussy hes trash dumb nigger hoes will be hoes nothing but something guys just dispose Why werent you so gung ho when you got drafted instead of shitting yourself?
Straight pussy fuckin pussy haha you didnt even catch it pussy I love you hoe!!
btw yous a hoe lol yesterday twitter was telling them same dudes that 30 pussy was the best, so have faith!
Funny though Hes a pussy 3 haha.
Ima chase you out the club, like mobb deep did to you, pussy.
pot of gold ass nigguh you are not a cat.you are a pussy!
quit being being a pussy yourself and c them out by first and last name plus SSN ya poon!
and youre a vegetarian pussy He a bitch you should do it bitch, yo muthafukin ass reacting off that vain females tweet dont no the context, her dumb ass dont neither say that shit to my face Bruh you a bitch for gettin in a man u dont know business.
Yo yung silly ass co signing for pussy.
pussy fuck up pussy Id rather ask yours, is she a nappy headed hoe too?
you are a pussy without your guns bitch as spic.
Your daddy doesnt even respect the sperm he drop in your moms stank pussy Yass bitch Yass my momma saw how the girls danced and was like grandma was like shake that ass hoe oh u can dog her out but dont show that hoe no love if u doing it with ya ol lady so some of Yal bitches need to stock up on jello to fix Yal broke up ass personalities it does.
what now bitch Come over queer hey fag, gag on my clappmeat tounge punching smelly turtle pussy bitch lol fuck i look like at that trash ass store pussy pussy pussy marijauna wannnnaaa lol I feel like a punk bitch sittin in here with the lights on!
I thought you would like him cause of the Chi but yeah he a faggot you unfollowed me because you think youre the shit and use follow trains to gain and then just unfollow cause youre a pussy this bitch has brain damage bitch bitch Ill fuck you up lmao take off thru, quavo cant do shit but make hooks, offset da only 1 solid but I kno niccas been tellin him dat that hoe is like 58.
niggas pussy for robbing a chick and shootin her.
I got a bitch named banana pussy bananas swear I gotta say it again pussy bananas my lil cool azz bitch she from da westside fuck you pussy.
what pissed me off is as males WE JUDGE females pussy.
Normally I would say she must have a great pussy but since Ive seen it, thats not true so idk what it is.
that nigga spun around in the pussy.
Damn i just called you a bad bitch, i mean mean bitch lmfao quit using song lyrics queer janemba is better than yo pussy ass bitch its not til Thursday pussy watch it nuh mi Neva lov mon.
You never know she may have been begging to get dropped, makes her pussy wet guaranteed.
Im crazy, and Wayne can rap about pussy 3 songs in a row lol girrrrl these bitches crazzzzy nahh bitch yu always playn yu almost got her feelings hurt the fuck das wat bitches wit uh fuckd up mouf do I wish you wood, like a tree in this bitch.
nicca fucc yu lol send dat nicca clean out talmbout some n what if he really is I said pussy dat ass what be on yo tongue boy lol da only reason I cant talk bout da present is cuz my nicca hurt n aint played yr everybody in Dot MobORedMickey Factz when you battled Clips he wore some ancient hong kong shit 2 different colored hitops my lifestyles raw dog, one magnum will put a dickhead in the hole, and that was cumin out of the pussy lips hoe meter went off!
Im posting the score on every social network you bitch ass nigga nah he pussy he wont sup fat bitch Someone told me cuz some ppl like to use it as bitch some females dont like being calles female but meh shrugs one sick bitch we take your bitch then recieve head from your mom fasho fasho.
lmfao, pussy dick rider, how drakes cock taste faggot.
I turn pussy lol no hoe point A ppint an bitch bitch I died when I read that.
You got held to the wrong pussy.
I got tired of hearing how he can eat pussy 10,000 ways like damn orr why?
theeepp thats my bitch that hoe over that stfu with that what Im gonna do and just fuck oh pussy ads nigga Am the bitch but u the one steady talking stfu and be bout shit hoe ass nigga I said I was from where stop putting words in my mouth, thats something a bitch would do I dont got any beef with you but tell yo boy Alex to stop acting like bitch and bring his duck ass up here.
golden globe cont bitch these thick bitches with they ass out on TV , do what you want he needs to date a grandma , Im too turnt up for his lil pussy ass, bro and I called him lil baby names like lame dork is the realest bitch out here rt dont send me those boxes we droided up on da mile my nigga.
Got da dro droid na drum fo a pussy boy yeer me?
N two if u think dem bitch made niggas got yo back u smokin big worm shit pussy Hoe yu erbody bitch go to sleep niggah lol Lol chill pussy Long story lol but Ive missed you faggot LMAO!
how many times did you listen to that pussy song today?
pussy take like TAMU.
lol my bro said it about a bitch but it can be about u faggot i need 2 of the bitches Ik you were pussy okaaaaay bitch never do we care , edges still laid.
youre a faggot im askin you negro lol no i dont cry im not a bitch i was just pissed because the cop was trying to charge me with a hole bunch of bullshit p hey fag i 3 you pussy LMFAOOOO yooo I lost my elevator pass now I cant even share it.bitch wants me to go get another one even tho she knows me SAME like bitch its the struggles to use the stairs let ppl get on Man bitch am not gonna do a damn thang, if u dont like what I got to say then unfollow me ask your boy Jason keiffer is he still tryna to get his one on one and y he block me boy sorry i eat pussy fuck bitches get money jk i would be a bitch if i got them done !
he ate my pussy i could.
Im mad at you for slapping me bitches will great valuable pussy always make you use protection.
nigger I am hurt im.not in it wtf, fuck Danielle that bitch bitch get punched tf out lol bitch u got me fuckked up bitch take dat shit down imediatly bitch u forcin it talkin about my family and shit watch out bitch u got me fuckked up go suck lil action whamm like u always do on thursdays and fridays didnt think ik did u correction bitch yo illiterate ass wanna eat my pussy and I got some center street boys dat u can suck up nun major naw fuck u bitch and go suck up cartier ok bitch damn I will Im not even tierd my phone just dying haha that hoe go hard rt the bitch in the purple shorts and Aqua beats happy birthday bad bitch I knowww righttt.
I just whooped your ass why you turnin pussy haha you were that bitch on our team fuck a raptor.
bitch probably deserved it lol fellow anarchists quit being vaginas P like jr high up in this bitch sm man syndrome usually deep down theyre huge pussies so they join the authority to compensate their weak ego pussy why are you laughing.
Thats you hoe naw dude I wish, theyre white trash wat a faggot than you run pussy Thought to myself SHEEBASHEEBA, got my ass lookin like a zebra!
D leave dyke stfu youre a pussy sit your ass down with that noise death to attention hoes wow your like 3 years late bitch pussy yo fag Rojas sitting here talking about what u would do or gonna do thats something My bitch does bitch what?
Haha pussy ass niggas only reason I wouldnt give it up is I ahve a fucking CATALOG on this bitch.
y aint gon get a stitch of pussy.
oh yea alo aka mr bitches lmao lol now ya need is sum beacg bod abs pussy boy get off my twitter fag ugly white bitch gotta keep fighting bro Thea hoes just trying to bring me down.
your a fucking queer faggot bitch bitch thats wtf I just said and its not Christopher its Chris mf just beat the pussy up go to sleep bitch lmao you wish bitch lmao they know who the kitty master is !!!!
Dont hate bitch salute a bad bitch wtf you bitches seen this without me cum thru bitch fuck off bitch fuck you bitch wanted me to let everyone know he downloaded the whole Acoustic Justin Bieber album whats good pussy you lying bitch My niggah!!
lol both you boys need some pussy, damn.
thats white woman pussy positive thoughts nig nog lmao dog just type them out and let them faggots try to decipher it.
Or Ill give you a stamp Them aint the bitches im talkin bout aint no jungle fever over there LOL bitch nigga dont get but hurt Ayee Ayee its my snow niqqa its for my bitches to slide to my crib I got them bitches snowboarding to me ahah chill my bitch look better sorry dyslexia is a bitch I you bitch god doesnt send retards to hell pussy you a drunk bitch bout time bitch not that it matters but im proud of ur little ass!
she spelled faggots with an e youre so cool lol bitch shut the fuck and follow what u say nigga are u fucking still talking bitch I wanna see that I dont give a fuck about your ugly ass girlfriend son bitch and the fuck u wanna do about then nigga stfu talking and do something just texted yea queer bait chill your dad gets bitches at school than you do griff do it pussy I have sm pussy size plugs u guys are fags.
not as bad as a former PsyQo nigger THAT LIKES ANIME wigg I love you bitch pussy?
I agree the fat bitches the only girls left not gettin passed around they be tryna b on the low but one day these bitches gonna realize some niggas talk then them l dude was a bitch nigga and took off running like Hov said we ghetto b lol nigga doing the duggy on dem dead hoes lol get some orange hoe bruh u such a pussy just talk bitch ill slap a hoe AMERICA today, the rule of thumb is when in doubt, blame whitey them peeps who bitches Why do you bitch about everything?
Especially when u were too pussy to film his face!!!
Where is the pussy print page?
bad bitch w dreads alert be sure to follow it up with a fabulous bitch face girls that want to hold on to they hoes and act like they cant show off they boyfriends ya pussy lets go wheelin niggah this shit serious aint no one laughing hes the fuck her right in the pussy guy fuck no she dont let nobody hit that pussy either I know its firm yess bitch cuts, colors, and curls ha self.
hoe dont be a pussy.
my phones doin da pussy right now lol lmao mark is the only guy left there hes about to get some pussy yes so you could leave fag hahahaha, aw nut.
shit so Joel went off and swore at the kid and the kid was a fucking snitch nigga pussy and ratted on him got him thanks for ignoring my texts fag thats a dragon you retard when you realize youre trash fucc the extra shit Im seeing that hoe THIS WEEKEND I got a kenwood amp to but its probably ghetto, right?
a dont be a pussy ill show u was good with that turbo lol handles lol that shit only 315 hp now your bitch is stick soo I know was good with them double shifting aha bitch just meet me up here lol couldnt make it nigga was at the E.R.
that hoe show up uninvited one day your ass wont come outside tho almost mad a nigguh catch some stacks at lunch, close one had da bitches rockin in da club wit my boy Connor that nigguh sucks pussy stop retweeting heather im tired of seeing that bitch on my tl both you bitches go to sleep Coons and monkeys like you disgust me, you minstrel show negro.
Sorry my friend guess pussy you are a bitch.
Am not wun uv ur hoes dnt send mi pics teaching that pretend son to b a pussy!
i know imma broke ass bitch bitch please, are you trying to say I was closer to Philly than you pussy pussy pussy youre a bitch Stop blowing the spurs pussies too many little whiney bitches in AMERICA.
thanks hoe a pussy in ur mouth is a really good stress reliever doctors recommend i think u need a massage or a pussy in your mouth to make u feel less stressed out dont u think?
might need you to pummel a bitch Yo follow me back nigguh pussy you still ugly then a hoe and you still look like muffie off Arthur fuck off frank you pussy shut up faggot, no one cares bitches talk shit, you got the right to swerve god damnit you are da shittt wheres ours at nigguh !
What I like pussy go away u doing to much talking too much, I talk with my fist and u can get and yo dad little fuc or one of them bitches just be talking shit but not bout shit shit whats up with then hoes Ill do both hoe, Am pretty sure u not on my level wow u hoe is the term for women I dont hate the Japs.
ur fucken lame bitch thats thot pussy?
Being a big pussy the time.
a hour youre home and chillin and Im working pussy lmaooo fag faggot Bitch pussy God forbid!
I wanna retard it no bitch lol the only place for a ho in the garden pudding it right in her pussy right in the fucking pussy HEY!
learn how to type ya hillbilly real girls like impress me bitch bailey is gettin pussy humans are evil man.
he looks like a pretty dyke u can pull is the fucking retard my bitch doesnt even know you so wtf r u talking about nigga stop fucking dreaming yo fat ugly ass couldnt even pull the ugly bitch in the school Somebody whos that much of a moron and a pussy doesnt belong on the force.
to get past boot camp, and go active a few years, see what we REALLY do daily you liberal pussy thank you so much.
but thank you fuck my tight pussy until Im dripping wet haha you bitch really tho it will be good to catch up yo !
OUUUUUFFFFF you will see pussy karma a bitch bruhh I dont fight bitchez.
I blocked that annoying ass sand nigger claims to not be biased but yet no one can say anything about khan we should play together soon Ive been playing with random faggots but its fun at least put a caption when stealing the pic fag lol looks ghetto as fuck 4th my guinea pig will haunt you he is a pussy an wouldnt show up bro do it you pussy Shut up.
And miss you too fag hotter than a pussy in a pepper patch.who makes this shit up anyways.?
Knew he was gettin pussy later 2.
she said, its ok if u let ur man punch u in ur pussy as long as he makes u cum?
he scared of pussy nice profile pic fag Im always a c away if ya need me nigs because its retarded.
pussy put yo ass to sleep now Im calling you nyquil dont be a pussy!
Jessica Im not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow The fuckin pussy makes fun of people day on the radio, someone calls him a creep and he blocks them.
you better of called that kid a pussy!
bitch YESSSSS I make girls mad You couldnt handle Iowa pussy here, kitty, kitty, kitty let these hoes be great lmfaoooo Im tryna see how many hoes I can lure in fag lol Getting his ass pounded loving it!
i understand why, everyone loves pussy can a quote this and tag a bitch only bad bitches in roe r u its retarded honestly fuck whoever agreed with this bitch ass nigga your never going to get to tupac level fag.
Lmao ok they have 2 niggers in raw do it pussy he triesto cause drama between people, he said that you called me a bitch, and i know you didnt hahahaaha
Lol you dont know my life aha I cant help but notice you attempting to avoid acknowledging your very hairy pussy.
Your hairy pussy tho.
your pussy not mine do you u gotta slow down these coon hrs they know is love n hip hop, lebron, fake love quotes pussy shit Im not a nig.
Its funny and it has that blond bitch on it hey, fuk them hoes they prolly already have it yep Im an asshole.oh well he shouldnt be such a little bitch.Im sure he hears worse on a daily basis suck ass bum ass Yankees foh haha pussy I know bitch bitch if they wasnt bitch this shit is SOOOO FUNNY bitch you looked surprised asf YO MAMA LET YOU DRIVE HER SHIT dont forget nappy headed, butt ugly bitch, whos married to a Muslim only dumb bitches r in 8th bring it bitch.
Yes the fuck I can bitch plz come down here im really sick of your bitch ass talking shit plz come down here it going to be 1 on 1 No am just letting you whats going to happen, am not like u pussy ass niggas from Plano bitch I been in Plano every fuck weekend and you make excuses stfu and fight bitch how tf am dumb your going off what someone else told you so u can shut that shit up bitch thats next year come on the weekend but yo scary ass dont want to see me tho stfu talking am u know where I be at pussy boy u fucking trailer trash naw really bitch I mean yo address bitch keep talking bitch what where y be at come to town east m u and your bitch fuck boys then bring yo bitch ass to town east m let me know when u there bitch!
You acting like a pussy ass nigga How u going to talk shit from another state thats dat pussy shit I heard your mama raised you like bitch I said your name bitch so yes you fuck boy Lmfao and Im making money then yo duck ass bitch I from Dallas tx born and raised and we back our shit up day nigga No am real but you a pussy ass nigga so why would I give a fuck what u think lmao just stfu No thats what u think I just dont like pussy boys who run they mouth but they cant back they words up.
and why would I care what a bitch ass nigga think and u dont understand how fucking scary u look and you got that pussy in your bllod bitch I dont wanna talk, I wanna fight your pussy ass bitch I have a phone stfu talking dont worry about me just make sure you show up bitch am not I really dont fucking like you.
No it must of flew over u head cuz u didnt show up at Plano senior high school in Plano tx fuck boy bitch whos fucking playing but you and how would u know what I smoke I dont fuck with friendly ass niggas bitch whos playing am not worried about you or your little faget ass friends at vines I know niggas at vines to so wtf u say bitch wtf r u talking about and why tf r u still talking shit but not doing no action no thank for proving my point pussy boy bitch you are not funny stfu talking to me what part of that do you not understand?
bye bitch catch them hoes on.Saturday meet me at Plano senior high ha bitch who angry bitch am taller and older then your fake ass boy stfu your making yourself look like a dumbass pussy boyy!
idgaf what your name is scary ass give me a real address hoe is that you have to say you sound like a little bitch nagging and shit where u be at keep talking Im going to make when u cant talk, u going to be talking like a retard lets settle this and fight stop being a pussy lmao why ur dad raised u to be a bitch made nigga meet up then and stop hitching out and back your words up pussy mfka what ok bitch we going to see.
Or when ever your choice bitch oh am I lame but yo pussy ass didnt show up the fuck u talking bout oh scary ass white boy oh but I am and my grades say other wise so u can stfu and get off my Twitter or u can box simple ass that pussy boy pussy pussy nigga its the same term restricton g means your license been revoked stop making excuses you a straight up bitch sorry dont know what to tell you but to get your pussy ass off my twitter u can bring that bitch to.
u can have a tool bet u want shoot it tho pussy ass nigga but u cant through dem hands tho u feel like dumb ass dont u pussy boy u going to get dropped bitch im a fucking nigga who got a fucking dick u made me drive the way to Plano then wanna bitch out u want me to panda express so someone.
Can break up the like fuck stick to plan and go to Plano get that bitch out your blood u will see it on Saturday and if u dont show up then your a bitch made nigga pussy ass nigga umm you sure the hoes I talk to arent ugly wtf r u talking about I was in Plano tx what r u talking about pussy boy wtf u think u ole pussy ass nigga yes bitch, your a fucking square you dumb fuck thats not a fucking full address you dumbass I dont live in Plano so how the fuck would I know retard your so fucking retared its not even funny bitch im going to sleep u Alright fag what about this?
Using that pus to hook u try me pussy atleast i dont have dick breath you twat licker atleast i wipe my ass trashy bitch bitch if im talker than you then youre short so stfu bitch im 57 12 smd hoe comeover here then bitch r u that ugly that ur avi is a bitch bitch lady Bligh is my bitch!!
DP Double Penetration aka a dick in the ass and a dick in the pussy at the same damn time.
 da black folk look like dey one chromeasome away from da ape yeah I read yo shit to fast bitch ah Lil bit bitch ohh bitch i gotta go fck with my girl my second lil family frfr salty pussy I like that your room isnt a big sloppy mess like most of these Twitter hoes pretty like a bitch just Robert bc he was the one cussing like no tomorrow bc hes a pussy you a bitch tho I know for sure Im not.
Youd get your ass beat by any of my bitches thats fact linda you just yourself rn you retard bitch bitch exactly, so shes a bitch Lil pussy didnt DM me back?, hmm omg no plz stop calling me an idiot.
are we in kindergarden you fucking faggot what a bishhh slap a hoe I dont see how ud get pussy when u yourself are a pussy.
George Michael is a pussy.
thats that never c a bitch again shit for reals psycho ass bitch lol us english its our go learn grammar u dick sucking hoe idk what ur saying probably desperate for my pussy u c ur bestie a bitch Im guessing shes a dog that barks too much too pussy or what?
lmao dude you are probably the biggest fag in nebraska stfu white trash ur a boss ass bitch apparently this little pussy cant converse nevermind fight.
niggas be pressed 4 pussy it aint nuthin instead of worrying who dat bitch fucking why dont u get chu sum money youre right momma aint raise no faggot yeah hoe ass nigga at that point, just c me nigger.
Your mouth Your pussy Your ass My dick And a sandwich after we fuck.
drive you nigger speaking about me the time tryna make me look bad like you wasnt just eating my pussy.
nigga chill throw me in the jungle watch me come out with a gorilla monkey cheetah coat I am that queer gnarles Charles and no it wasnt me sup pussy thats a bitch.
fuck these hoes now nigga lol thats what they for he has one called pussy pop I think its for cats fuck dyslexia is an bitch karma is a bitch no one cares bitch Jesus walks bitch can I ask my bitch for other bitches I rather go choke on your moms bomb pussy called her a cunt too why would i need to c her and bitchcunt to your face?
whatever you w hackin pussy bich Ill fuk u up like I did ur mum, ur sis, ur step sis, ur mums mum, ur mums aunt 420 bich bich come wage with us fag hoes these days how dare insult that pearl harbor vet.
Im talking in general am I watching footb or pussy soccer?
whatever you fucking pussy now Im chewy high with a hard ass dick.
she looks like the pussy lips are huge aka the lonely bitches I got ugly niggah problems.
pussy shit!
niggah das gay trippy hoes Im gonna drink monster til I sue we gettin the bitch lmaoo one nigga had that 2nd pic as Looove that pussy from Popeyes!
puss or pussy?
LOL if you go could you hook up the plant city faggots or pussy Im surprised you could read it with slits for eyes And you thought a camera would steal your soul.
And Im the pussy u good man long time my niggah bitch fuck you bitch hey I guess y forgot im in this bitch too lol whoooo??
I would reply with the red emoji but Im not a nigger like I got time to be wasting on some bitch who broke up with me the bitch ass nigga I just called a bitch drink pussy juice nigga 61 bitch dont hate.
holy fuck, frozen pussy!
grow a pair pussy talkin bout the retard your sittin on old cunt needs to die to HELL with the plasticassed bitch!!
them hoes aint thick at u clowning OK Now youre talking my language, none of this pussywhipped RINO whining me hoe text me queer bait thats Kevin with the hoes you a broke bitch too.
stfu u ugly dyke c him a pussy as he should!
I poked this little pussy with a stick, and he curled up into a little b like a pill bug.
They dont get to bitch when its their playbook dumb hoe my bitch do that and still go out yeah she didnt wana bring that pussy to us or tell us where he was so we could just go find one Mexican in this city full adawg getcho ghetto booty up nigglet send me the pictures I got your moms ass on my breath pussy little bitch ohhhhh you bitch bitch please why you gotta hoe me like that I shouldve that bitches wallet was tigher than her puy
no in the instrumental Im not retarded I love you too pussy.
Lmaooo promotion thats hoe ya do it okay love you bitch Why would i pay sex ,when i can getfree pussy that makes no sence at Ill actually kill that bitch brandy wanna b down ass bitches Im a vet Ryan.
i just been going through it.but im good now tag me pussy ill fite u Im a faggot
u calling me a pussy but your the one talking shit and making excuses after getting your ass beat stfu with the talking whats good then bitch Ass nigga catch your phase that nigga Vic acting like he yellow bone with 15k followers and cant answer a nigga phone some fucking bitches its parseltounge, not basilisk you fucking pussy.
meet up at Plano senior high school or vines I got some shit on my chest am going take it out on y y some pussy ass niggas bitch am speaking fucking English u fucking pecker wood bitch that doesnt even make any sense bitch.
Im stoked they are tho chill ur pussy gay af shut ur faggot ass up you thirsty pussy Either trolling or retarded.
main bae gonn think sumn up wit the pussy Are you working on route running and catching.
Not when you party together pussy heels!!
Haha onlife yal niggas funny man lol Lonnie was suppose to get out of that bitch after he was up a band smh what she means is shes a fat bitch those hoes aint loyal follow the system and youll practically be swimming in pussy youre just a pussy.
a beam of light descended from the heavens a loud voice said fuck her right in the pussy many lives were changed that day if you aint with someone you can still sleep around be a hoe and not the cheatin we should change that to bitch about everything.
I love the hair on her pussy.lol At least 3.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH hook nose faggot, cant get pussy sucks at hockey
He gotta be colored Hell was lucky to have gravel dirt roads were a bitch pussy I believe that you fuckin can punk nigga bitch hell yea went from I love you to fuck you and that basic bitch nigga what u talkn bout??
Tell them hoes get on they DJ UNK shit if they aint sucking, walk it out your still a little pussy tomcat had me so high off the monkey nutts yesterday nbs lil b already to puff for the hoes dude your fucking gay you made a twitter just to mock me fucking lowlife its fucking real retard holy fuck can you not read my tweets fucktard?
have fun losing tonight bitch your talking to every hick in San Antonio I ride with a big 45 in the console nah gurl this pussy private hes just a cunt and nobody likes him.
Fuck her right in the pussy nigger bitch wea ur clothes not no but hell no, when blk.
alot of these bitches themselves aint shit either.birds of a feather flock together bruh we was my fam, nd yeah pussy niggas get no respect.
like I said drose needs to stop being a pussy lol you little fag.
An empty son of a bitch folk I wanted to see that but I like trash sometimes lol I still think he is a pussy haha bird shit aint no joke old raglyscrag.
my bitch dont want your ugly ass gtfo ol peyton manning lookin ass stfu you dont get any pussy fuck boy bitch stfu u livin off our tax money too, we pay shit just like u so dont get that white power shit to head mmm where the fuck is that at honkey?
white boy talmbout Ight Ill see you tomorrow at school nigger yeah wtf you arent a pussy.
these bitch been sayin they was leaving since 3 ew pussy buy a fucking xbone , u got dat Puppy muny bitch I asked you a question they act like they earned the subs curse has haha bitch you wasnt in i made you lunch you fat faggot boa Im trying see if that bitch was going or not.
this kid haha where you at pussy I know, bitches.
White trash people can be so entertaining sometimes pussy!!!!!
bro once Im there next year Ill make you look like straight trash so enjoy it the little time you have left dyke ron youre frumpy bitch go fuck your self pussy bitch boys A.4?
A dick has a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbors an asshole, his bestfriends a pussy, his owner beats him.
A dyke who wears strap ons cant brag to me that she beats the pussy better than me because her dildo cant cum and make her stop.
A girlfriend would be cool but pussy is they got nowadays A guy claiming to be Republican called CSpan and said Republicans hate that nigger Obama A guy on True Blood is getting his penis inspected and the doctor told him it look like an eggplant
After you get good pussy you be feelin like you just found the last dragon ball.
Ahhh fuck it lets go 405 rows for the hoes Ahhhh but now Im fuckin you niqqas hoes Ahmeds moms bomb pussy Aint been on this hoe day Aint been on this hoe day haha Aint even fuckin wit shady bitches Aint fuckin wit no hoes got who I want Aint it a bitch when one of the people you get so excited hearing from, sends the shortest most closedended thing ever?
My bitches only want two things, thats to get high and kick it Aint me aint me these pussy ass niggas aint me !
Aint no bitch doe Aint no broke bitches standing next to me Aint no pussy better than loyal pussy!
Other than the females bashing niccas early dis morning lol Aint none of these hoes loyal none of em if I cloud show y the stuff be coming thru my phone.but that aint none of y business Aint nothing funnier then watching a woman try to hide her inner hoe know she like to get hit from the back and have a finger.nvm Aint nothing funnier then watching somebody live a complete different life on the internet I be like who this hoe think she foolin Aint nothing that good head or pussy that curl yah toes up Aint nun Ordinary about this bitch Aint nuttin but a white trash party.
Aint shit like fucking another nigga bitch and askin her who pussy is this and she say yours lmao no bitch im stealing this pussy lol Aint shit pretty but my bitch and my momma anyone can get the drama Aint that a bitch.
Aint no pussy better then perk pussy Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook Jordans but Mexicans trailer park trash white girls.
 DESE yung niggaz pussy I ask for is love n loyalty.
 my old hoes wana have my baby my white school teachers back in elementary knew not to give me no pussy.
 you ladies pop your pussy like this you muzzy lovers need to do one thing.
 you pussies is losers, my niggas is winnin you see is straight pussy in my iPhone!
Already yellows than the last 2 years combined Already scratched off mines Paying for pussy still on my bucket list Alright Vacarro you bitch!!!
And I lick it after you clean it , eat pussy like a dyke but I fuck like a demon And I wanna say something SOOOOOO bad to these two cunts on Twitter eh.
Another bad bitch fuck her for a hour another cigarette another nut another shower Another high point was a Hungarian calling me cheat fuck and cheat pussy for doing well.
I dont go to cville Any pussy I had I can get again!
Any where the at is where the pussy go.
That nigguh dont understand real american struggles Are you single but your pussy is in a relationship?
Havin her buy yo shit fucc that never be dependent on someone As always Eli has the stupid hick hayseed look on his face Giants fans kill yaselves its gonna be a As good as Percy Harvin and Peyton on the same team sound Thats so retarded lmao As if it WASNT gon get Bacc to me bitch your outta your fuccing mind As long as you gon feed me pussy when I get the munchies As of today im cutting muthafuckas off bitchesniggas that never show love or just temporary people iont need um As soon as a bitch think shit sweet.
At Dunkin donuts and every time somebody walked in I either yelled ratchet or hoe and so me and my brother got kicked out At least ima a faithful bitch At the MLK march tryna find a man bitch we see U At the Mexican laundry mat and its PACKED denna hoe At the bar in downey wit my uncle, this niggah faded hopefully he doesnt get us into a fight lmao At the doctors with sam shes such a pussy the had to put a cotton swab in her nose and she just about started to cry At the end of the day seniors still love that young fresh pussy from west case closed Attention one and all.
Lol Ay fuck wieners, remember to eat before you drink and remember to drink water while youre drinking and also to go eat shit you pussy head.
Gone let ya bitch fuck wit my team donjuuuan Aye the part be treating the bitches too good Aye we needa keep are heads up high who cares if we lost we went and tried our best south is a bunch of trash talking pussys !
Ayy Carlton is a ghetto school now Ayy yo my nigga be up on da,pussy not lettin dat muafucka breathe.
BF Because Im destroying your pussy everyday.
Baby I can make that pussy raaain OFTEN.
Baby I can make that pussy rain, often Baby I can make that pussy rain.
Often Baby girl your pussy looking so vacant.
Baby moanin , got me zonenn I want this bitch next me , pussy like ecstasy.
Baby pussy cant be your only hustle.
Besides pussy what could you offer me?!
Not to mention, lean and bud before the train ride lol Beat the pussy down like my nemesis Beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago Beat ya bitch pussy up every time I see her like a bully.
Because a nigguh but dont mean youre pussy is bomb Because at your local insurance agency, the customer is ALWAYS our bitch.
Beefin ova bitches trade ya clip for Pom Poms Been a trill nicca since a Lil nicca Been a while since its just been me solo at the crib, feeling kinda lonely like a hoe Been hooping day tired than bitch Been schooling these bitches since 92 Been sleeping toooooo much, fuck it ima enjoy it before i start working 2 jobs like a hoe haha Been told by a lot of people that Im cool then a hoe, and that they dont understand why someone wouldnt like me Beer b isnt for pussies Before I let a pussy cut my hair I just will let it grow Before the madness with my single bitches.
Believe it or not hoes get boring after awhile Ben will gett ya some pussy.
she know ha pussy WACK Betta ask round these streets bitch bout Jay Better keep ya shit n line nicca.
Big bro moose trying slide into these hoes DMs Big greenmile tweetin ass nicca Big hair bitches Big moe rn like a hoe haha yuhhhh Big ol pussy Harrington blocked me again Big thick pretty bitch Biggest booth I ever seen lastnight bitch had a leopard print jumper on look like an over weight leopard Biggie was and always will be the flyest cunt in rap.
Bill Cosby stealing pussy Bill Romanowski is still a cunt.
Birthday today bitches and I gotta work Bitch I want my number back yo pussy mustard.
Bitch Im not about to eat ya pussy day long.
Bitch aint u his lawyer y u thank ery body STFU kill dat bitch to Bitch and who the fuck r u am speak when the fuck I feel like it and stop a pussy ass Nigga and box the fuck up Bitch ass nigga, be hating on black women.
Nigea Bitch fuck yo nigga, whats up with that pussy!!?!
Bitch fuk wat a hater gotta say.brickk ent ya bitch Bitch had a redbook account with selfies on the add like bitch no tricks wanna see yo face Bitch i wouldnt eat yah pussy wit another nigga tongue Bitch just sucked my dick and tried to give me sugar bitch get out Bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu Bitch nicca talmbout a mf 3peat.Df y aint da Lakers Bitch shutcho got damn mouf hoe Mallett aint gon help yo funky ass texans Bitch you frooooontin, bitch you frooooontin.
Bitch, you may have a million dollar body, but you got a dollar menu face and a fourpiece nugget pussy, so you aint worth shit.
Naw bitch maybe you just aint shit Bitches be mad they mane nigga gettin snatched up by these whore yah pussy prolli wack ctfu Bitches be screaming fuck they nigga, but get mad when another bitch fuck they nigga Bitches be sounding damnear retarded on tbh nbs Bitches be tambout my party.
Yal cant know how Im bouta start popping bitches Bitches swear up and down they pussy the best, but aint.
Bitches with kids are retarded Bitches with trash pussy always want unprotected sex Bitches, bitches, bitches.
I just need some pussy.
Blonde bitch wit her blue eyes, like butter when she spread Blood this nigga Dion retarded Blow up the pussy like Hussein.
Blunt to the head, fuck Feds, I eat pussy till my tongue red Boats n hoes boats n hoes gotta have me my boats n hoes!!!!!!!
Lmfaoooo Both y pussy son beat it Bought that bitch mozzarella sticks.
Boyyyyy if I had a bitch who pussy taste lil mamas spaghetti.
Brag bout your hoes, you prolly get 0 to no pussy.
Broke bitches that talk shit those the ones that I stunt for Broke bitches that talk shit, now them the bitches I stunt for Broke hoes always wanna argue u aint ate day were u get that energy from Broke pussy boy Deions record.
Bum ass hoe Bum bitch wont even my type Bumoose ducking those insults like a scared white pussy Bumped into a bitch that filed for sexual harassment at work against a coworker.I aint been so shook in my life Bumpin that nigga nigga Rick Ross B.M.F this hoe going harrrrd highh outside enjoying this weather Bunch of hurt niggas bitches on my IG timeline tonight.
Muhfuckas lame as hell b Burn bitch Bussin bitches with my Gwale Gwalas Bussy Is that avi pussy poppin on a handstand??
Busted my lip playing b so now I cant enjoy pussy and this delicious MANGO But Carl is a bitch But I cant buy tomorrow.
But I have the hoes But Im calling this bitch yeah ok after you called me I return calls especially if it aint my girl But atleast they let me know.ur a faggot if u keep those type of twitter secrets But bitch you gon shave or wax that pussy before I bless it, Foh.
But bitches are crazy, Id be in jail for sure But bitches be mad than a Mf when they dont know what Im doing how I getting it But if you knew , bitch youll do better But no one calls him a pussy for his injuries But not prettier than Ambers.
Her pussy is pretty But she a bad bad bitch make you late for it.
Wells is too real Cam Newton is Such a little girl like grow up and quit actin like a bitch Cam Newton is such a pussy he needs to grow up and learn he isnt a hotshot any Came home and found my cat sleeping on my pillow c I love that niggah.
Hes such little pussy.
Can you imagine Tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm slutin and still comin up unsuccessful Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nahhh Can you really take dick or nah?
Cant get no money from me you silly hoe Cant get no pussy to Kirk Franklin idc how long its been for ya Cant have a bitch with no future or goals.
We be da same cept da colored men gots da bigga dicks Carl try eat the pussy but that big ass nose be fucking shit up Carol is gonna George and Lenny this bitch.
I rather eat pussy then get mine ate.
Chase really got hoes in every state its crazy his name the truth Chase the pussy, its a sin.
Check his hoe for I check her Check your slutty fat girl friends instagram pics.See if she dont have five niggaz in every pic thirsting for fat girl pussy.
Code of slience pussy!
bitch plz Come get this catfish pussy Come her lil bitch I want that sloppy toppy Come on Tank, break dem hoes backs!
Come on nd get that chicken niggers love dat chicken from popeyes Come out her pussy and go in her ass come out her ass and go in her mouth Come thru Keyshia you queen of THOTs bitch!!
Completely off topic, idgaf about that pretty hoe tho Confident in one way, pussy in another.
Cost 250 I aint buying no pussy I got too many followers for that u in Vegas.
Cut them niggas off they aint yo friends , Cut them bitches off they just pretend Cut these hoes off right now I really need to , ion really know girl but I believe in u Cute Japanese teen gets her tiight pussy fucked while suckingcock Cute ass niggah.
Cute buff guy walked in and then he opened his mouth and he was a flipping retard Cute teen gets her pussy flooded withcum Cutler less skill at QB than a retarded quadriplegic Cuz its 187 how im killin these hoes Cuz pussys only pussy man i get it when i need it Cuz they dont wanna b saved Why is saving hoes bad?
Daiya Nagore gets her pussy fucked and sucks cock forpleasure.
Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue and shit Damn I hate a bitch who like to argue and shit Damn I use to be a big fan of Ronda, but so far shes been a big cunt Damn Im in da mood to eat sum pussy who got it fresh on a platter for me teamfluffnevabluff Damn Kaepernick is trash man Damn Karlie Redd, now these hoes done seen your man junk Damn bird nearly gave me a heart attack.!
Dat nicca paper Fuwop n da booth Date a thug because you know they wont pussy out when it comes to defending you.
Deez niggas pussy so fuck em deez niggas ass so buss em Deions a bitch Dekalb police are some hoes.
That bitch spends a good million on her ugly ass wigs Dj Khaled is retarded Dnt play with yo girl heart thats why her pussy there for.
Does SZA have freckles on her pussy too?
Shes apparently exempt Dont be a little bitch or Ill do this to you Dont be a pussy.
Dont throw me the pussy!
Dont ever really talk about your intentions to your boy that nigga might just turn around and take that pussy Dont fuck wit broke bitches Dont you talk when im talking, you better mute it hoe Double tap and imma be honest hoe honest hoe Double up on that blow bitch!
Nobody even remembers that album Dream job for a pedophile dressing up like mickey mouse and hugging kids day Dreaming of the pussy that I slept on, cat nap.
Dudes kill me with that I wouldnt mess with Khloe Kardashian if she aint have money Ive seen the hoes y be hitting get real Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips Dudes proudly volunteer to be baby daddy ,3,4 and 5.Whether theyll be a father or not over some pussy property.
Dumb bitches that think Buddha says namaste Dumb cunt Dumb little broad , move the fuck along bitch Dumb nigguh Dwight couldve had me instead of that ugly young hoe Dyke bitches kill me thinkin they really got hoes lol Dyke pastors be in The Lords house tryna cuff the pussy bruh bruh EBHGJHBGJBEJFB I saw this
Lmfaoooooooooo She was my girl Easy pussy doesnt motivate me Eat a dick bitch Eat her pussy when she mad Eat her pussy when she sad Eat her pussy when she sleep Eat her pussy when she horny EAT HER PUSSY Eat my dick bitch Eat so much pussy that my mustache pink Eat that pussy like cold pizza.
Eat that pussy like i got the munchies, Eat the pussy like Eat your vegetables or youll grow up to be a pussy Eating pussy is fun Eating pussy on top of my shoulders Eattin this pussy im startin to get chubby Ebola sounds like a hood hoe Eh bitch!?
Erica so desperate she bragging bout flawging ass Scrapy eating her pussy.
Buy me polo I will eat your pussy till the receipt expire Even bitches with bad attitudes bumpin to our tunes.
Every nigga trynna fuc the next nigga bitch not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch Every one of then would just be adding me to their collections of hoes Every pussy the same but I feel like I aint get enough Every real nicca need a real bitch!
This me is a pussy.
Falls in that pussy like quick sand False start bitches Fam.
Feel like i aint did this in a while , let me warm up Eat that pussy for a half an hour got her goin nuts Feelin like I can have any bitch I want.
Fireb has turned from a cool liquor I used to be sponsored by.to a drink for pussy country dudes who hear it in a song.
First chick to bring me some hashbrowns from Waffle House right now will get her pussy ate First game first play.
Too bad is a pussy and wont buy it.
Moma said no pussy cats inside my dog house!
Free love sexual liberation SEEMED to be the dawn of lots of consequence free pussy for them 60s negroes.
WHY WE ALWAYS FORGETTING HISTORY Free my brother turt and gn bitches Free my niggah C4 Free that hoe Free that hoe 1x Fresh Japanese model toys her succulant pussy until shecums Fresh polo on you bitches Freshman year I remember like it was yesterday.
MLK didnt die for this Fuck Staten Island, place is for pussies Fuck Ur god until dat faggot strikes me down Fuck Ya feelings aint no sorries bitch Fuck a bitch flip a brick Fuck a hot head pussy I gt a cold heart Fuck a lame nigga than you a lame bitch Fuck a nigga feelings, fuck a nigga bitch.
This bitch boring as hell Fuck fight music bitch this is losing ya life music Fuck fleeto like, id cut you cunts up Fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty Fuck her pussy Fuck her mouth Fuck her ass cause she nasty Fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty Fuck her right in the pussy.
Olivias pussy got Fitz going batshit!!!
Nothing but stank pussy and thirsty niggas.
Fucked your bitch, just met her Fucken pussy Fuckin pussies passed out.
Youre a fag Fucking faggots arent from or live in DC, Maryland or VA Fucking flake ass bitches Fucking gook Fucking hate ghetto girls I swear bruh Fucking hate ghetto girls bruh Fucking hate my coon ahh uncle Fucking lying cunts man, gotta love them Fucking pussy bruh lol Fucking redneck queers and their game invites Fucking thirsty bitches Fucking told of you bitches.
What did the last pussy you had taste like?
Get my name tatted, right by ya pussy Get on your mutha fucking shit hoe.
DoG Get tf off joseline pussy!!!!
Gimme my grade bitch you know wat Im trying to spell Girl dont hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy Girl like 19 pics of mine on Instagram this morning while I was working, when I saw that I thought this bitch need a life Girl you eating pussy then me girl you should have been a nigga Girls are so fucking grimy today, keep your vagina in your pants you dirty hoe Girls be like 11313 I love you babe 3 bitch isnt that today?
Girls wanna meet a man with plans and ambition and a boy on a pussy hit mission.
Pimp C voice Good pussy change ya life!
Got a couple thou den I get a couple shooters Fa dat couple thou mane my niccas will shoot ya Got a iPhone for business but the sidekick is for the bitches Got a lil bitch from the 916 Got a new bitch and she got ass, lookin at my ex like yeah i know you mad Got a red ass bitch wid a red ass pussayyy Got the black bitches mad cuz my main bitch vanilla Got another niggas bitch in my bed right now Got damn man hung tf over like a bitch Got good pussy.
Gucci cut throat use to stay next door his kenfolk limousine bitch pouring up ya rent money Gucci feel like jeezy pussy outchea you tried to kill me and wasnt successful.
Gucci mane on a bitch Gudnight keep that pussy tight Guess who just got an apartment in downtown Columbus?
Gum drop looking bitch commenting on peoples looks Guy tweets I wanna eat some pussy
NOT FAIR Guys now and days act like they dont care because pussy is easy but thats not the only thing that matters Guys say bros before hoes.
Guys that struggle to get pussy are the main niggas that bad talk women.
He could get pussy if he can learn how to stfu and chill H8 fake bitches HAHA If ANY of you bitches even THINK about attacking me in the elevator.
Ha bill bellicheck wouldnt give an interview what a pussy!!!!
Who can get the pussy quicker these days Ha.
He used to abuse this pussy.
Win win for me Hahahahaa fuckin crow looking bitch Hahahhahaa Your boyfriend trash ma, stop tryna convince yourself otherwise in these tweets Hair pulling during sex is just a way of letting her know that her pussy is good Haley was called a raghead accused of adultery and she skyrocketed in the polls.
Have a nigga fuck y both and ask him who got better pussy Half these bitches be playin because but im far from a lamee Half these females with these twitter names like eat my pussy aint even about that life bro.
Theres plenty pussy.
Her pussy clean but she dance dirty.
Her pussy so good like I left something Her pussy sweeter then some fresh fruit she gushin I drink the best juice Her pussy wet I c it Fiji water Here I go!
His bitch ass a hoe ass nigga prolly dont get no pussy His bitch ass is the same way so it dont matter.
Hit his bitch Im like shaggy Im like no it wasnt me Hit it and pass it until that pussy elastic Hit me up with plans nigs Hit me with plans mah nigs Hit my car with another rock and Ill be over your ass in no time bitch.
You yo boys is some pussy cats!!!
Hood niggas and bitches love emojis lmfao Hope y kno wen u eat pussy u one inch away from death.
Hope you find a bitch with some ass that satisfies ya needs Hopefully this niggah buys my gamma 11s cause I want them Horny Japanese MiLF showers and toys her soaking wetpussy Horny MiLF in sexy lingerie has her old pussy pummeled by a harddick Horny cougar gets two cocks shoved in herpussy Horny mature babe in a kimono has her pussy fingered andfucked Horse racing, bitch.
How I beat up the pussy How Im supposed to know you not just a butch dyke if yeen got a beard, my man?
How can you say you dont want a nigga thats friendly but your pussy is like Casper the friendly ghost?
I just wanna set the cunt on fire and send her straight to hell How do I tell this cashier that Im tryna fuck her right in the pussy How do ask a broad to JUST eat her pussy?
How this ugly ass nigga gets pussy than me ?
How u know u dont get real life pussy.
How you gonna use my name while you talmbout pussy tastes?
Hows this bitch wearing high heals right now Hows work bitch Hugh Heffner gonna be on Life Support, STILL gettin pussy Hugh Hefner has lived the life that most of us men only dream of.
The man is 88 and still gettin the pussy he wants.
Jus like certain niccas cant hoop or play footb certain niccas cant hustle Hypocritical little bitch I CONFESS and IS THE who sneaks pussy in the night I AM paints your wife with I DONT FUCK WIT YOUUUUUUUU!
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy I aint afraid to cut a bitch, or open a package or somethin.
Too many niggers for me I aint bout to listen to this nigga rap about eating pussy I aint buying no pussy I got too many followers for that I aint cuffing no bitch thats out here posting sex gifs but maybe Im just different I aint cutting my hair for u hoes at hc I aint dont turnin up bitch I aint even know white girls had good pussy like dat eitha lbvs they too I aint fenna be locked up 23 hours a day beating my dick for a guilty MF who out here fucking free world pussy.
D I aint really trippin about the money yo that shit constantly comes like a bitch pussy I aint stressin you hoes.
I aint mad at you bitches thats what hoes do I aint mad at you, thats what hoes do I aint never had a prob with no other bitch over a nigga if thts yo nigga cool im older enough too go find me another I aint no killa but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy I aint saying you a bitch, But you be acting like a female, dog.
I am such a little bitch today I am such a pussy I am the real vampire nigger.
Good pussy is a mufucka.
I knew u b4 dis social network fame I based niggas on how they bitch look I be chillin wit the bitches cuz a lotta niccas fake I be damn if i go ova dea n get my ass blown up i kno wat it look like bitch i play C Of Duty frequently I be drippin in so much damn sauce, got bitches ready to lick it off I be joked out at half the broads on here that brag about how good they pussyhead game is.
I be using these fufu bitches I be waiting for a bitch to sneak diss , Im ing IDC I be waking niccas up lol I be waking up on some new shit like fuck that bitch shit I beat that pussy up up up up I beat the pussy up yg I become of a bitch day by day I been getting bitches my whole life I been getting money my whole life I been getting money I aint worried bout a hoe I been getting money I aint worried bout a hoe I been getting money, I aint worried about a hoe I been goin thru some shit from my niggas to my bitch they lookin like they wanna switch I been in Atlanta 15 mins nd got 2 bad hoes numbers I been in this hospital since 6 Im just tryna stay awake for 2 hrs then I can sip this Dusse and party with the rest of the coons I been slackin on the ice game i needa cop a watch , so i can fuck me a instagram hoe press Block I been thugging theses hoes since preschool I been way to consistent on niggas , Im have to drop some trash to get appreciated I been with the same STUD for a year.That bitch, her attitude nasty.
I bet these bitches trying to set me up I bet u John Elway gets way pussy than John Dorsey.
Fucking faggot I bitch a lot but its coo I bitch can tell that Im addicted to pussy she lookin pass it I bought a 357 and went back to the neighborhood and busted that bitch!
I can make a lady say she leavin that pussy ass nigga that gave her that baby I can neva count my stash cause I always lose count.
I can taste loud n pussy on my tongue I can tell when certain and specific people are posting on a groupcorporate fbtwitter page by the consistent retarded hashtags I can turn a hoe into a housewife.
I cant fuck any ol bitch niggas be desert dicks out here I cant fuck with girls that talk about their pussy on social media.
I could NEVER bring myself to fw a bitch or nigga that wears EVERYBODY else shit like um no YOUR BROKE bummy ya fuccing boof I could b out here like some of these chicks.in the streets slingin pussy for a couple dollars but im not I could blank you sons of bitches out I could have so many bitches right now.
I been in the same pussy since before MIGOS came out.
I do the shit you bitches is too pussy to do I dog hoes not one but hoes I dont keep friends they come and go , dont fuck with these bitches.
I dont believe in that frenemies shit who Wats to have a bitch like dat with u the time I dont buy pussy cuz its free bitch I buy lacs!
whos pussy better then a crazy bitch?
Im either a pussy or troll.
I dont make music for niggas that dont get bitches I dont need no savin I need to get fucking high and get some pussy.
BUT PROLIFERATION at 4 is a sign fucked UP I dont put nothing pass nobody when it comes money n pussy.
I eats the pussy.
Keep in mind, the last song was pussy control!
I feel like I should be sad and that pussy shit but I am just so pissed right now idk what Im feeling.
Nah I dont wish to speak on her name that shit is weak I fucked the shit out yo bitch yesterday til she couldnt stand straight she called me earlier asking could she come and get a replay I fucked your little sister last night The pussy was right The pussy was tight I fuckedd your bitch than gave her a snack pack I fuckin hate this bitches voice OMG I fucking hate this fucking neighborhood, these fuckin bitches have someone over everyday ya3ne.
I gain a few pounds a bitch look thickkkkkk I gassss on these niggas, I got gas for these hoes I gave my aunt my tupac greatest hits CD , that bitch is lucky I love my tupac CD I get bitches on tinder I get gwop now that bitch remember me I get nudes than you bitches I get so deep in that pussy i touch the back of her soul!!!
I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one, shes 99 of em I need a michane gun I got 99 problems but a pussy ass bitch aint one I got California love fuckin bitches to that pop shit I got I.s.s Friday for refusing to give up my phone these bitches can kiss my ass cause there not getting it I got a Lambo, 2 doors.
They stay late they send emails that I left I got some lightskin pussy one time and the bitch damn near had me bout to propose.
I got something for your ass, keep thinking Im pussy I got soo many funny pictures from yesterday bitches was fucced I got the streets in a head lock, I got yo bitch in a leg lock I got the streets ina headlock i got yo bitch ina leg lock i do not fuck with the fed cops!!
I hope they get the Nigerian Summer Flu I hate baldheadass bitches I hate bitch made niggas that think as soon as they get some pussy theyre bad ass.
I dont need that pussy shit to be bigger than you unswole niggas I hate when people c me mate.
How about you stop being a pussy.
I heard she pops pussy on the low I heard them same pussy niggas hatin !
I hope i trip and f into some pussy, tunechi I hope out making they moneyy.lol Aye.
Give that pussy a break!
Beat the shit out dat pussy ass niqqa I just heard my mom go she is up v annoyed bitch the fuck you expect I slept for how long and now Im hungry bye felecia I just herd the most random and.
I just love that tweaking hoe tweaking hoe song thats the only part I no wee be getting money so we b out some sme sme I just might get to these riches I might go broke on these bitches I just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me drizzy lol I just read prolly 11 tweets from 11 different girls about how their looong relationship ended today.
that shit be funny ctfu I just seen the ugliest bitch in commercial history on Monday night footb I just seen your main bitch I might fuck with her I just touched down on that pussy I just wanna fuck bad bitches I just wanna get lifted fuck exotic bitches!
I know a lot of using ass hoes that just want bread an wheels from nigga go grind bitch I know bitches be mad as shit when they friends borrow their clothes its a bunch of girls in her IG comments sayin how cute the outfit is I know bitches who sell pussy for 3.5s I know how it feels to not have shit, believe me.
if u was ah pussy in 2000 u ah pussy now!!!
She know she sexy but her attitude is like ehh whatever I like a hoe that like a hoe just for my amusement I like the kids on beyond scared straight acting like they are hard ass gangsters end up leaving balling their eyes out like bitches lol I like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too I like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too hay stunna I like bad bitches thats my fucking problem I like beamers benzes and porches, i like my bitches imported I like being teased, dont give me the pussy too fast I like bitches that like bitches I like bitches with I like chilling with your bitch and I like fucking her.
Stay safe east coast I love me some fresh pussy, you can eat buffet.
I love this ho I love to eat pussy!
I love to feed the pussy I love when girls pass up the guys who want Something real and to treat them right for the guy who just uses em cuz then they bitch about it I love when my friends let me use their phones to stalk the bitch that blocked me on Facebook.
Hang that bitch above my bed lol I need some good pussy, fuck I need some new hoes I need sum hoes ah sum, cuz I wake up I have is hella emails but not a Goodmoring or goodnight text.
I only bring up lat name to the hoes I know with kids because they need to know I only fuck with bad bitches Im stiff I only like women whos pussy smell like burnt cheese I only respect bitches that respect theyself.
I pull up in a gimme yo bitch I put her pussy on the map!!!
I really think ppl defending Cassidy throw on Hotel at the crib when bitches are comin over I really wanna have a talk about life with the fuck her right in the pussy dude while smokin a blunt before I die I really wish I owned a rocket launcher to use on every retard driving in front of me today I refuse Damn bitches are always talking shit about Draya!
Lmfao Von kick me to the curb I should c n curse her ass out I seen Scooby hoe some niggas at the gardens too I shoot at the pussy, I bust in the pussy Im cuming too sooooooooooon I shot a stripper because hoes keep stealing my tacos.
I show love to everybody not on joe time i just hate stuck up people thats hoe shit I slam duunkk hoes cuz I cant lay up I slept good thenna bitch tho I smell I smell I smell, pussy I smoke a fat pound of grass, and f on my ass, faster than the fat bitch who sat down to fast.
bitch you dont know my intentions you just think you do I swear girls with good pussy think thats the answer to everything I swear ion see how broke niccas still out here gettin pussy smh I swear nobody actually cares about Valentines day unless they are single jaded and want to bitch.
Blocked like fuck I tell u this tho, ifwhen u nigger women start getting cornrows again.mannn just dont do it I text my ex my new bitch pussy wetter I thincc Im a pretty average bitch ya know I think I broke a rib when I fell in that ditch, turning into a pussy?
I think these bitches tryna set me uuuuhhuuhhhhhp I think this nigga retarded G I think women will forever find a way for a guy to be thirsty tho just so they can feel like thier pussy has some value.
I think you a fat bitch if I never see Ya body on the TL and you got nothing but neck up avis I think you fuckin wit the wrong niggah I think youre in a bad mood from munching on hairy pussy.
pussy boy I treat my bitches with respect I tried calling my sorry ass cousin for her 27th bday.
She too big time these days lol I try and get back into anime but I swear every show revolves around either teenage girls, or the boys who are too pussy to talk to them I try to pass him up, get in carpool passing him hes just looking at me like Im playing a game do I waved hi idgaf dont fuck w me bitch I turn Cassey to a nasty hoe Rihanna to a classy hoe I turn bitches gay, they think the other bitches can fuck like me.
pussy an cinnamon rolls I wanna apologize for being such a bitch the other day.
I wanna experience that late 30s early 40s pussy I wanna get this hoe on my arm with a diamond coming out of the cloud.
Awful Have anything stopped you from eating pussy?
I was gonna put I wanna eat the pussy like a Saiyan in her mentions but theyre savage enough.
I was grown by the time I turned 16 wit only my grandma nigguh I was gunna eat the pussy but Im on a diet !
I was smoking a blunt outside and these nasty country bitches jumped into the lake , naked that lake is nasty as fuck I was such a pussy back then lol like its crazy I was trying fuck something today and this bitch want lie talking bout his brother was on his phone.
I will beat a bitch ass tf I will eat these hoes alive I will literally never get home, this shit is retarded I will not leave my nigga but you can be my bitch too I wish didnt block me long ago for calling him a pussy so I could c him a pussy again and get blocked a second time.
Im tired of me and Twitter niggas tweeting about eating pussy.
Ill gladly be a victim Then im a felon A bitch over 200lbs riding ur face is attempted murder Im logging out ah man The bartenders be sellin pussy too?
I thought only the strippers sold pussy.
Ill be a dick if you wanna act like a pussy.
Its hot as Satans pussy on this sonbitch Ill be that lmao pussy Ill beat some pussy up right about now Ill break any bitch nigga down, I dont care about your size.
Ill c u bitch for short Ill eat ya pussy like a savage, but once you put ya nasty ass feet in my face my socks and drawers already on and Im out Ill fuck a bitch real quick Ill get so much pussy.
Ill round up my hoes in a little bit Ill start at the butt and work my way to the pussy Ill still let the plastic bitch do her dollar.
Im a pull up, eat on that pussy, and dip Im a purple headed cunt Im a stretch that pussy out Im a twat Im a wigger Im about to get this bitch a cell mate Im about to hit a bitch Im about to jog higher this stupid bitch ass hoe saab1 Im about to push this niggah off my seat trying to squish me and shit Im about to spray perfume on your bitch because if I have to look at trash,it might as well smell decent Im about to start a bad bitch mentoring association bc GIRL YOURE A BAD BITCH DONT LET ANYBODY TELL YA OTHER WISE Im about to start calling out people and why they do retarded things Im addicted to IG, Twitter just my side bitch Im already tired and mr stupid af decides to show us a on trigonometric notions so um yeah I just wanted to say youre a hoe Im always dumb too a extra slow ass bitch Im asking this boy questions like he my bitch Im at home throwing up taking care of my kid.
Im no pussy, but ur still a dick.
Im not dating anyone right now, Im giving my pussy a brake.
Im not defending Ray Rice but that double standard is a bitch, aint it Im not down to be a side bitch tho Im not fuckin wit October She on some new shit , bitch cold Im not going to chase a dumb bitch Im not much of a texted get off my nuttz hoe Im not particularly shy, but hard for me to break ice with a stranger or in others words Im a pussy haha she was so cute too!
Im pretty sure Ive never sat in the friend zone waiting for pussy.
You gotta put your dick on the table and see what happens Im pretty sure the dmv wont let me take a new pic, but a bitch might accidentally lose my license again where they have to take a new pic Im pussy Im not about this internet life.
Im pussy whipping these hoes Im ready to bounce out dis bitch.
Shes too pretty I would eat both her pussy butt Im seventeen years old with a government job, ask me if I give two fucks about the next bitch Im sick and TIRED of trying to see how long before kills a.
RIP BIG Im sick of you hoes for real I got somebody that looks up to me so I aint bout no pussy shit.
and Im sorry Im starting to act Hollywood round this bitch Im starting to not like meek, this nig a lil to arrogant for me Im sticking with s theory that black pussy tastes like strawberry milk.
I guess he like fk I need to dress up for these ghetto ass ppl any Ibukis shaved pussy fingered and fucked before her tight little rosebud of an ass isdestroyed Id light that bitch on fire starting with that ratchet ass weave Id make you look like an absolute pussy, because youre too scared to say anything to my face hahahahahaha Id rather be your niggah Idc I eat the pussy Idc about none of these bitches.
Sell drugs, credit cards, checks, strip, sell pussy, whatever.
If Dirty D was still around I wonder how many of you younger guys he would c a disrespectful son of a bitch If Dj Khaled eats Nicki Minajs pussy he finna taste everyone in the rap industry If Drew Stubbs were a pimp, he couldnt even hit a hoe.
If I ever ate your pussy before and you fucked over 3 niggas before that let me know right now because you owe me 100 you dirty bitch If I ever saw Kend Jones in person, Id kill her on sight.
Bring it If I see another bitch with a rolly bag ima diesel that bitch If I smoke with ya bitch its over If I was a guy Id definitely dress up as the fuck her right in the pussy guy If I was stranded on a desert island and I could only bring 1 thing, I would bring Dora.
If Kubiak was a player theyd pump him with painkillers and tell him to stop being a pussy.
If a chick wants me to eat her pussy then leave Ill accept gladly.
If a teacher gave me some pussy in elementary school I got to tell somebody.
If a teacher tried to throw me some pussy when I was in school, nigga I aint sayin shit If anxiety was a person Id kill that bitch so fuckin fast.
If eating the pussy makes you happy, Im for it.
If only everyone knew the real you.fakest bitch I know If only my new local m wasnt so ghetto If only you bitches REALLY knew If pussy lips could talk ill go down there like its whispering If she a hoe Im a hoe.
If that pussy aint Organic, Preservative free, No growth hormones, fresh, USDA approved, i aint fuckin with it.
If that pussy dont come with head, I dont want it!!
If the only thing she talks about is her eyebrows, she got forest pussy.
If the servers for black ops 2 acts gay today this is my bitch fo the nite If the words whore, hoe, slut, prostitute, ect werent invented, their would be alot pussy to go round If the world was free of sucka free it would be just me and my nigs left If them niggas pussy we douche em we clean em out If these hoes aint lying about being fat they hiding a backpage profile some where.
If this bitch new the amount of shit I spoke bout her on my twittah lol If u a bad bitch If u a bitch an i hadddd u i wouldnt give a fuck if Chris brown bagged u bitch i had u already lol If u aint fucking u aint sucking wat u Doin hoe If u bad niggas a really play nice to get to the pussy then.
You still give him pussy ladies?
If yo pussy good my Pullout game weak!!
If you cant turn Instagram likesfollows into some real life shit If you dont fuck with your either A slackin B a turd burgular C a pussy face.
If you go to the barber on Friday you have to your charger and some snacks in that bitch If you going to the strip club every weekend, you will never experience earned pussy.
If you have your friends jump into a fight, it shows that youre just an over pussy.
Desperate ass hoe If you like the 24k gold rillos, your a pussy If you love somebody, you cant cheat, have hoes, do certain shit cause them limits type shit.
make yourself known If you only like cheese pizza youre a pussy.
You a bitch If you sweat pussy its somethin new to you.
If your pussy stink, you aint goin to heaven If your twitter is private but your Instagram is public u r probs a trash talking thot If youu let yo bitch leave with another niggah and dont say shit thats on youu!
bitch STOPP YOUR young minded Ill fire that nina like its her first day on the job an the bitch over slept Ill take yo bitch and make her everybody bitch Illist bitch alive Im a Single bitch on this Money shit Im a boogie ass niggahs to these fast hoes Im a different nigga.if the pussy good im not tryna fuck for no 20mins.im stopping, backing out it, anything i ca think of to last longer Im a ghetto ass nigga you suburban Im a queer.
Im a south side niggah fuck around fuck around Im a westside niggah so you know im rockin wit Game Im about to fuck taylors bitch ass up Im about to get the pussy.
Im sorry, I use to be on that shit, but im not worried about the next bitch Im start askin dese hoe niggas if they got sand in they pussy.
Thats free munchies bitch Im such a bitch sometimes Im the biggest pussy when it comes to scary stuff Im the man around this bitch baby check out my wrist watch Im the niggah she really wanna ride wit Im thinkin about using this beat and yeah I made it too bitch lol Im tired of these weak ass men in my mentions tellin me why it is ok or justified to punch a woman in the face.
Love their fries Ima kill cay ugh she stay on my last nerve but I love thats funccy bitch Ima knock that pussy out like fight !
Ima knock the pussy out like fight night.
Ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip Ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip.
Ima pull up eat on that pussy n dip Ima shmurda dance in that pussy hoe !!
Ima side bitch from time to time and I stay in my place Ima spread that pussy out like a acre Ima start friend zoning these hoes Ima tear that pussy UUUUP Imma get home around 0300 problem is its a coon leaving the bar that drank 7 shots of crown royal think he still can drive Imma knock the pussy out like fight night Imma limit my association with these grade f bitches next year on my life just gone be me and a few ppl dont got time for the BS frfr Imma treat you how you act.
Bullllllshiiiiitttt In the words of lil Debbie Im that bitch In this update you will find lots of hardcore cock sucking, ass pounding and pussy pulsing thrills.
talking bout ill make you breakfast Ion fight but it aint no pussy in my heart nigga ion fear nobody but god loose win or draw Ion give a fuck ion give a fuck ion ion ion give a fuck bitch I dont give a fuck about you or anything that you do Ion got no type.
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like Ion kno what im doing tonite.i jus kno its gon end wit me dick first in some pussy.
Ion like doll face hoes Ion like the ho cause she talk to mf much with ha real butt ugly ass dumb young ass ho Ion pay for pussy, because her pussy priceless.
Is there an additional charge for the pussy to listen to my personal problems?
Isley brothers got me alot of pussy boy.
It might be infected Niggas would really turn that pussy down ?
It sad how bitches wake up being messy like bitch find you another career cause this aint working out for u It seem like Cory talked to 75 of indianapolis hoes nbs It stink in this bitch it must be them pussy ass niggas talkin shit It stinks in here must be then pussy ass niggas talkin shit test me It the principle of the matter bitch!
Its a lot of fat bitches at this party Im we at right now my outfit way too much fire to be at a function like this Its a recession on everything Chasing pussy is never attractive!
I hope that pussy still feels like it use to.
Its either your getting pussy Or are one what will it be?
Its too early to talk about eating pussy.
Its too early for this bullshit, fuck y hoes lmfao Its true though lol If your girl think about you, you dont make her pussy jump you aint shit brahlls Its uno shawty id drop my imaginary hoes 4 Its wayyyyy going on now than 2 have u pushing yo trash ass music right now Its what we c If a nicca tell a female another man got mad girls throwin salt that man gay straight up Its ya boi popsley da 83ar aka the real meek mills I was on this earth first pussy Iv decided to grow my hair, i aint braiding it tho.straight curls out dis bitch !
Ive never seen this part of pussy town before.
Jaime dont make me look like a bitch lmao Jake gettin da bitches rn Jameis Winston got benched for standing on a table and saying Fuck her right in her pussy.
Jameis tweet Fuck her right in the pussy James is the biggest bitch in basketb i swear.
Japanese babe Maria Ozawa gets her Asian pussy fuckedhard Japanese mature cat with spots has her old pussy split wide and filled with hardcocks Japanese teen has her trimmed pussy toyed by a greenvibrator Jason admitted youre a stuck up bitch lol, which you are.
Im going to be a pussy about it.
the SELLOUT how this pussy screwed our troops in Vietnam.
John Legend is showin this country bitch up on her own song Johnathan Martin is a straight up pussy.
Josh youre a hoe Jtfooooo at pussy on fleek Juicy J cant say no to ratchet pussy remember?
Just called a 65 basketb player out for the fade on twitter cuz dat pussy nigguh live in Georgia.
Dats just how I feel Just need a bad bitch thats gone always hold me down Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me Just once in my life I wanna see someone on family feud look at their family member and say Thats a horrible answer!
Shes getting some pussy tonight.
My heart just got warm Just smile, bitches love smiling D Just smoked a whole 8th of that Reserve, thanks to my niggah Just start blocking dissenters, you coward pussy.
Kick that bitch right in the pussy.
Her pussy should be so weak from teasing that its impossible to hold back a orgasm during heated sex Killt dat bitch Shmoney Bitch Killin these niccas n I hate my ex hoes!
Grow up pussy.
LOL what bitches yea go get the bouncer we were eye ballin your clearly pussy ass LRG ass nigguh LSU got a lot of thirsty, muching, nasty hoes.
Footb team stay running thru y meal ticket wanting hoes lol Ladies if your head game better than your pussy Ladies love a real nicca Ladies remember other women including your friends are trifling you speak TOO great about your nigga other bitches WILL try him smh lol Ladies you are not a hoe if you fucked on the first night.
if your pussy better than your personality.
Leave a nicca traumatized Leave it to the bitch thats sharing her pussy with everyone to fuck up the relationship of the only people in love in the house Leave it up to Ronson to make my ass laugh when Im heated.
Leave the bitchen to bitches Lebron Warm up jacket full then a bitch Lebron gone dunk that hoe like that with ease Lebron is such a pussy.
Let me show you how that pussy work!!!!
Like dont play with me bitch Like freaky bitch but I fucks with her Like fucc I got into it wit my mama, ajay, the damn lunch lady, duddy, montea lowkey, some lit raggedy hoe in one day Like god damn you dirty bitch Like keke say real niggas got a heart too it just take a real bitch for him to show it Like lex so fine she can have my hoes, imma make my husband by her a Lamborghini Like literally after Im done texting someone when I dont text back I slide the bitch to the left , Id win that money Like my 3rd grade teacher used to say, you either eat pussy, or you are one.
Puppy eyes when I go, Sayin stay wit me Like the song French, got the black bitches mad because my main bitch strawberry Lololol Like these nigguhs pussy theres no other thesis Likka downtown bitch at a secondline!
getting pussy is so easy when they believe youre Omar Eppss brother or The Steelers Head Coachs son.
Lmao I mean damn bitch you was almost ready 20 minutes ago Lmao I look like some 80s retard today Lmao Lebrons expression says it This nigga is a fuckin faggot Lmao The food aint gon run from you FAT bitch Lmao Yeah that pussy yours Cee Come get some breakfast from Boom!
Lmao drake is on some bullshit with Serena Williams, wallah she looks like a tranny Lmao he left that bitch Lmao if I catch u in tha field Im blowin shut yo bitch ass up opp lol Lmao let these hoes be hoes aint no Savin nem Lmao look at these hoes Lmao shorty twitter name is pussy 2 chubby.lmfao im dead Lmao that the funniest way to disrespect a person by calling him a itty bitty bitch.
Is fish pussy wett?
NOBODY cleans a house FASTER than a nigga expecting some pussy.
Lmaoo I shouldve seen that coming fat bitches need love to Craig Lmaoo ur a bitch for not following back Lmaoo bruh make a song called uber and the hook can be that uber make that pussy wet Lmaoo Stfu.who are u to prefer what a woman wears on her feet bitch I hate bitches that wear wedges Lmaoo man this bitch thinks shes so intelligent.
I missed it Lmaoooo His sister probably got the pussy that night Lmaoooo deep That girl curved every nigga that tried to holla and nobody said fuck you then bitch.
Im perfect like angel pussy Lmaoooooooo!
Lmfao Fat hoes in tight clothes be lookin like a half opened can of biscuits Lmfao Eating pussy Of what?
texting it to u now I told u to text me what I need to buy for the salad a bitch hungry Lmfaooo nigga Nigga, yo lips look like a charcoal bitch pussy.
Lol me next time bitch Lol Father has bitches pouring arizona tea on themselves in this one Lol I followed the bitch just so I can unfollow her cause she talkin shit, shit away with her two Lol I love when ppl think ima fucking look away like a pussy when I catch them staring at me lmao LOOK AWAY HOE Lol I make hoes madd hahhaha,.
Lol Nicca dime game got soo much clout niccas goin to da store to buy sum dice Lol Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me Lol Youuuuu got niggas but I dont got bitches Lol Most chicks that go to Enon are hoes or reformed hoes Lol Sam said Betty Boop is a hoe Lol actually bitch please choke on my nuts.
Lol at the random fist fight aka pussy shove match at DnD tonight.
Gentle Giant my ass Lol my brother a fag Mann Lol my brothers just said he a pussy ass niga well in the words of wizdom I second dat lmaoo leave u hurt out here Lol my porn name is master licker wtf y I gotta have dat bitch ass name Lol niccas remember the ginyu force Lol niggas out here saving hoes Lol niggas still be talking about me threw bitches smh Lol petty ass Lmmfaooooo a hoe Lol shawty at sheets gave me her number haha I throw tht shit in trash outside Lol stop fuckin wit dem birds.
Lololol joey lattimes phone just called him retarded Lolololol not to be a hoe but that was a nyyce one Long hair pussy any time you want it Long neck ass bitch lmbo Longway bitch Look A Y Makeup bitches , Lookin like a ghost when ya wake up bitches Look at me.
pussy popping for usher.
Itll make her smile Look at this pussy Look at y bitches only Hmu when ya wifi on bitches Look at you lying ass bitches couldnt finish school stripping on ya mind ass bitches Look at you.
 my niggas look pussy as fuck Look bitch.
Los bitch told me if my name start with a D i could fuck.A B C SHE GOT THE D Los pussy ass lost by 3 points!!
Race baiting bitches Lowkey got a Fan of my hoop skills at lbcc aha he my niggah now lol Lowkey youre still my bitch Loyal pussy forever bein better than the bitch thats been passed around.
Ma bottom bitch cotton pick if I tell her too , she give me money yo hoe give you is attitude Macc Cheese Maccin these bitches Makin my Cheese Mad that its a pussy gym and full of fuck people Made it to the World Series.
Majority of the hoes on this gram instafrontin Make my burger bitch Make sure that pussy clean Cuz ima eat until you scream Make up artists cover up for selling pussy or second gig for bartenders or students Make your first impression with me the best or like Nino Brown ima cancel that bitch Makem eat my ass since eating pussy aint major no Makeup be saving alot of these bitches from being single Makeup save you hoes Man.
Man heartburn is a bitch Man if a bad washington heights chick on Dyckman likes me grabs her pussy and yells out whats good son Im still fuckin Man if that bitch dont c me back for the job cuhh, uma be snapping.
Mane if dis nicca c me 1 mo time n say he Finna pull up but dnt pull up Mane wtf I wake up look at da window its showin like a mf outside.Good thing a nicca went to Walmart yesterday Good Aone snacks Mann that pussy Mann.
Marcus is in this hoe schleeeeeeeeeeppppppp Marijuana turn good pussy great.
Marijuana, hydro, pussy hoe, ass titties Marilyn Monroe set the standard for what hoes can achieve in society Married a skinny bitch but trickin wit a thick bitch.
Mayweather is a pussy hes only winning cus he picks his fight and he picks the nobody fighters.
Mei Haruka is tied up and takes three cocks in her pussy andmouth Melo shouldve got the bitch for the east Member when bitches put le in front of everything.
Milk Marie dont approve to you ugly hoes Milk Marie she got pretty pussy c it pink cause a nigga fell in love with it.
Mom just called me a rude ass hoe Mom really came in and found anything possible to bitch about Mom said I couldnt have chocolate milk past nine so I punched that bitch in the pussy Mom youve been a real bitch lately Mom heard a song about some guy with bitches, and a long something or other so he could fuck the world for 72 hours or something.
Momma always told me I was crazy and the hoes say Im amazing but I dont listen to a lady Moms is a hoe.a disrespectful one Y bitches are trash Monday like Saturday bitch Money the best pussy Money aint a thang, bitch thats a lie.
Money cant buy you love so I dont pay for no pussy Money doesnt make me happy one bit.
I can get pussy being dead ass broke tho tbh Money first woman second but you hoes are last !
Money over bitches even though I love ladies Money pussy freedom!
Most Jordans that dropped in 2014 were trash only fucked with like 3 pair and thats including the columbian Most niccas broke but always n the limelight Most niggas send hate thru the bitches Most of time I be thinking bitch when u gonna give me that pussy Most of you hoes copy and paste but there has to be someone they are copying from.
Mr.nvr get no pussy u a virginnnn Ms St aint no hoe.
Mutes pussy.
Got pussy nigga Los up first lmao.cmon Seattle D cut upppppp!!!
Ya girl want me she gon get fucked aint no askin My bitches pop that pussy,pop that gum and pop pills My blue flag brite nd ya bitch blowing me like play bagpipes My boy got the hoes now!
My brother doesnt know what American horror story is bitch you lame ass fuck My brother is a fucking pussy.
My dad is such a bitch My dad just said Karl was always the biggest pussy of 3 of the kids, Im sorry Karl, but.
Youre just a pussy I love my dad LMFAO My dad just told s dad to text one of their friends and say hashtag pussy.
Hahahaha Im done My dad talking about my dogs fetching skills I seen that nigga do mad shit, air bud my ass, air pussy My dads friend was telling my dad and I about how he got some good pussy last night, and how she was a good lay.
Haha My dawg told me its a must I be this Saturday ROCKIN that bitch wit Tha My dick wants some pussy My dick, your bitch on it.
My goal one day is to own a nice Rolex and wear that hoe everyday My god mother thinks im a stoner because she has someone watch my tweets lmfao, no ya boy clean as nikki minaj pussy My grandpa hooked his friend up with some pussy in Vegas.
Ion show NO Feelings to these pussy mfs My problem is caring about bitches noggas My pussy ass car wont start.
My pussy popz Severely My pussy taste like pepsi cola.
My pussy tastes like Pepsi Cola My pussy worth 15 My reaction when a spoiled white kid says nigga like they a thug.
Nigga u just dropped 20k like its nothing My taste in music goes from love song to pop that pussy bitch in like.5 seconds.
Naughty mature AV model has her sweet pussy spread by a hugedick Naw Im just playin I only fucked with bad bitches Naw Am I the only one mad that ESPN gonna be talking about faggot ass Penn State week?
Naw bitch I aint meek mills Naw bitch you goin against a monster lol lyrical maniac Naw she not a hoe she just a Freeky Girl Na If you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn couuuuuch Nd these hoes kno Im workin wit a 9 I aint talking bout a gun Im talking feel it in ya spine Nd y thought bitches knew how to accessorize Need a bitch to drop it down for a niggah Need some Hispanic pussy Nelly got the hoes singin lol Neva trust a bitch Never again will I put so much into a relationship unless the bitch ACTUALLY puts effort into it than me.
If bitches take than they give, its time to cut them off Never leave your trust in a bitch, Never let a boy make you feel like youre anything less than a bad bitch Never let them hoes get in between of what we started Never lettin dat nigguh used twitter in my phone again Never messed with a hoe that went to jail unless I didnt know her last name Never put nothin pass these hoes cause of these hoes straight ratchet Never seen a pussy he didnt like.
So I colored them hoes with a sharpie glossy New pussy aint always better New song coming out Ray rice that hoe New strategy to get bitches
Nigga pee wee is a bitch Nigga retweets the most trash shit Nigga said dates is pussy installment plans, so is that why you gotta keep saying her when you get it cuz its never truly yours?
Nigga was sweating like a guilty preacher in that bitch Nigga you a pussy, hope you got 9 lives.
Nigga you is a fool I feel like eatin nd beatin a pussy up Nigga you made it Nigga we made it.
Hell if you gone act like a pussy I rather just have one.
And they try to cancel it out by saying nah were bros its cool nahhhhhaahahahaha you a faggot bruh Niggas at the march looking for hoes, they out there too Im sure of it Niggas be bitches hoes be bitches ion see no difference Niggas be frontin for some pussy they aint wit me!!
Niggas be having LOYAL pussy on call.
Niggas be pressed for pussy, it aint nothing.
Niggas be so dehydrated if I wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen Niggas be tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowing their bitch the next nigga bitch Niggas be wanting bitches with money.but be broke as dirt Niggas cant stand me cuz they bitches be feelin a nigga.
Niggas get pussy in the friend zone Niggas go crazy over bitches now a days like calm yo happy ass down Niggas gossip like hoes man I aint wid that shit Niggas hate me cuz they know im a threat to them they bitches Niggas is bitches Niggas is hoes and in real life too.
Lmfao maury fake af Niggas sooooo pussy I swear I dont talk Im action Niggas spend 500 just to look good for a bitch they wouldnt even buy 99 cent burger for Niggas swear they dont trust these hoes but be fucking raw smh Niggas talk than bitches these days Niggas talk then bitches these days Niggas talking bout these hoes aint loyal but they been to 6 different barbers.
Niggas that eat mussels, eat pussy too Niggas trash AF Niggas wear wigs than bitches these days.
I pull hoes nd stunt without em on Niggas who talk about pussy the most get the least what a shine box?
Glittery pussy?
CHILL No face no trace pussy boys No fucks given about the NFL draft its baseb season bitch No halfbreed spic has any right to say anything to any Anglo ever, and should be killed for doing so.
No hoe shit tho I was bout to say Perro got butt naked bitches doing dishes No i dont own the pussy i just sample it!!
No NOTHING i WILL NOT be a bad bitch a week man what am I going to do No hoes n oz No need to tweet these bitches know my status No nigga a leave a chick with some good pussy unless he just paper chasin No officer I wasnt drunk driving, I was swerving on them hoes.
Nobody on planet Earth protective than bull dykes Nobody should ever have sex with a dirty dick or pussy.
KfromtheG Not a neanudda bitch Not about to play these games with this bitch Not associate but ya nicca Not eating pussy is unAmerican.
Not sure why someone would put my pictures on a escort website I aint selling pussy Not the type to take it slow, turn a good girl into a hoe.
And if it is, 1 stop being a fucking bitch 2 eat of it 3 cry you fucking pussy Nothing worse than a baby bitch pussy.
Notice I dont make music for niggas that dont get pussy.Drake
Lol My pussy been turned off lately.
Now a neighborhood nigga like me aint supposed to get no pussy like this Now the hoes bout to post the saints lost but im still cute pics on the gram Now da fans bacc y niccas kill me aint tweeted shit damn game Now dont you hate them ol.
Now when I put this pussy on Vivian she bet not be playing Now youre drinking till youre unconscious.
Nower days the defenition of a bad bitch is how good her pussy is ?
Im only a hoe on twitter, bae Nuke town that pussy Nyomi Banxxx and Skin Diamond the last of the good ebony porn bitches.
Bitch I bet not see you in the streets trash ass nigga OT nicca word to the nigga who played jesus Obamas faves Muslims, black ghetto trash via Ocean drive then I gave it a pill I think I met that pussy on ocean drive, Of the lazy bitches, I was the laziest today Of course my for is off this year.
Dont me pussies Oh i hope Dre falls dickhole first into my pussy Oh Im back now 2nd vap dont fuck with this one bitches Oh Im nasty for smoking cigarettes?
Youre a pussy Oh she is I respect that because bitches can be spiteful when it come to children Oh shit its still light out.
Oi look at this pussy on your bed Ok this is funny.
Just like eating pussy youre not supposed to be scared of it.
Olivias pussy so good that he got Jake to sip tea with the enemy.
pops pussy in delight On a scale of 1 to redneck, Im watching Days of Thunder right now.
On ya pussy rap sheet its a whole lot of bros !
Once again.HELLO HARDIN COUNTY Everyone knows a hoe named Ashley HSN Once we break up, ion want the pussy no.
Only get loud around ya team ass bitch Only goofy niggas simp over chicks with community pussy.
Only niggah on my TL so getting off now Only ounces and up niggah Only people not home right now are nurses, hoes, niggas tryna hit them hoes Only retards retweet fuckry Only the family in my eyes n bitch they rite heree Only the strong survive and that nigga a pussy Only the strong survive and you niggas is bitches Only things that calm me down.
pussy and some Cali tree.
Only tweet me if that pussy got superpowers Only we would cut our best tight end and resign a trash nigga who cant make a play to save his life Only white people use the word cunt.
Oooow that bitch lace front is lace fucked Open her legs then filet mignon that pussy Open mouf kissing my nig.
lol.Sam love him some kissing smh lol Open up her legs and filet mignon that pussy Or a dumb bitch with no self esteem I cant decide.
Or you gotta pay some bills cause pussy aint free ummmm dick aint free neither can you pick this tab up please thank you Oregon losing IN OREGON ahhhahahaha faggots Oreos and ho hos put into milk.
Paper over pussy cause pussy Bring problems Papoose is trash bro lol Pappadeaux bread with the scampi butter Her pussy tastes like?
How u gon play after the trade deadline Paula Patton pussy got a nigga on stage on his knees talmbout he gotta get her back tonight Pay for pussy no yo I get too many freebies Payback is a bitch Paybacks a bitch.
Even if you dont want their help dont he a bitch People hate on da rig life but I love my baby then a pussy ass nigguh People love to touch my hair ooo is this real?
Peter Pan that ho never land that ho Peyton Manning is a goon fuck Elis pussy ass Phaedra is gonna drop Apollo like Mariah did when Da Brat went to prison.
Photoset The biggest pussy Ive seen in China.
Because I love pussy too
Play pussy and get fucked!
The look on your face when you still dont get any pussy.PRICELESS!
I feel ya home skillet biscuit Pop a nigguh, sound like crisco Pop that pussy Pop that pussy for a real nigga Popped a pussy im sweating lol Poppy give me discou.
Pressed for pussy no.I get too many freebies Pretend assholes callin the women bitches when they know they love em lol.
Pussies only pussy.an every women got one.so u gotta have than that ladies Pussy ass hoe niggas, I cant fuck wit y Pussy ass nigguh name Jesus.
And his daddy Pussy gotta be trash Her love life is so sad lol im so glad khloe k dumped frenchs ghetto ass Pussy like girls , zaaaammnn is my pussy gay Pussy nicca we aint friends you aint gotta me voice!
Pussy on my mouth pussy on my pinky ring Pussy only pussy Pussys dont get pussy.
Pussys only pussy an I get it when I need it Put a btch pussy on first 48 Put a ring on it or it aint yo bitch !
Put her in her place cause pussies dont get pussy.
How am I not drowning in pussy?
Needy, clingy men is why I have bitch issues kim k lil sisters some hoes I might be ugly but my hoes aint trippin bro dont argue with these rejected ass Disney models bitches better go play in some food When a hoe gets too friendly with Bae Bitches love niggas that got bitches I got bitches geekin sneakin cocaina cross the customs Come out her pussy and go in her ass come out her ass and go in her mouth that way she wont tell nobod This bitch always in my pocket You know bitches be mad when they be like Im my own Nah boa That nigga Wayne run his mouth like a hoe my girl aint No hoe so Chill wi The niggas who just jumped my brother said that dre was in they hood bitch 131st belongs to us imma going to find you bi Dont sweat these hoes they come wit the money Grown men, wearing jerseys with other grown mens name on them.
Bout to show him why I get the playground pussy.
lets play a game called stop being a lil bitch these clocks and we still dont have time for these hoes niggas be pressed for pussy it aint nothin, instead of worryin who that bitch fuckin, why dont u go get u some munnaaaa finding herself in the hoe section Social network got bitches heads like When you die but a bad bitch walk in yo funeral is the realest bitch I know.
Lol Females think dating a pussy is cute now?
Which means pussy power is in full effect.
gtfo bitch Some pussy be so wet you gotta think about other things not to cum fast.
haha lml wrd no nah de pussy shit lol lml se pasa de shunsha and no mi joda w ur bitch waaa remember when people bood One Direction and Gaga was having none of it.
I just wanna get filthy rich have a nice big house full of bad bitches that I could fuck anytime I want Id rather be your niggah Pacer is short for pussy fuck.
Im a pussy EVERYONE PRAY FOR MY BROTHER nothin wrong with him he just a bitch lmaoo you and me both!
A nigga will talk down on a female with the same mouth he ate her pussy with.
I just realised my library books are overdue if anyones looking for a bad bitch Of course the day I nip out with shit hair wearing my scruffybut favourite stolen hoodie is the best time to bump into Im sorry ya woman shouldnt be helping you out financially unless thats ya wife these hoes dumb Just took electric stim to my pussy!
y got the gay hoes The thing about Houston and Austin gays is 99 are hoes, aint no wholesome bitches I bet Beyonces pussy tastes like a fresh caramel apple You give these bitches the Amex once, they gonna act like a chilly snob and try to go get that cardigan You gotta be a weak bitch to let a couple tweets get you out of character.
im blocking u i drew you Neymar fell like a bitch ur a wack bitch who sells her pussy for 65.00 , lives with her mom then was homeless cut the lies http Now let me write your mom since I have her address let her know her daughter is in Miami selling pussy for 85 the next c will be to immigration w your I.d your sex reviews your ad bitch I warned you , you lie I have facts Invite me on your show, you lying pussy.
Just had a convo wit my ex n she reminded me y she is my ex smh idk y i even answerd for this bitch A dick has a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbors an asshole, his best friends a pussy.
Wait till these niggas find out that pussy come This bitch played too much Subway Surfer Nothing that the Russians did in their support of the rebels surprises me.
Putin views Obama as a pussy.
Trash This is my beach bitch thats 5 years away from legal drinking age and 14 year old pussy ??
ahaha eat ice cream not pussy bud Y be makin your nigga microwaveable dinner.
Just eat some pussy and grow you one dawg.
Quit tryin to shortcut it When you rubbing on her booty then start playing with her pussy with ya thumb Always a bit of irony in the air when chicks c strippers hoes then grind on yo dick 4 free to the same song stri.
Im only held accountable for my pussy.
The ape was like Oh you niggas gon learn today Ray J is the perfect example of what happens when you give a lame nigga some pussy.
Mama said no pussy cats inside my dog house These hoe aint loyal
Point proven ima catch you bitch ok bud I know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas but it be the same bitch fuckin niggas Gotta link with bro Rambo fashoo nd we gotta PULL Up ona pussy boys The Homie Got This bitch Rocken Dese bitches aint shit I get em high and feed em dick Just c me a nigger cause thats what u really want to say at the end of the day Damn near in love with them hoes when Im with em.
Some of y hoes thighs be so thick and cant even walk Yankee food Best man ever Id fuck her right in the pussy!!!!
Try to crucify me and we tweakin hoe Im just a normal ass dude that has no hoes and happens to be funny every once in a while LIKE A FLAT TIRE HE NEED A FIX Run up on em, put the gun up on em, ask a pussy nigga Whats to ya bitch ?
Beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago drake look like he would lay his letterman jacket over a puddle for a bitch and she wit her man smh im fukin yo bitch u mad as shit When you tweet somn just for laughs a bitch wanna spoil the fun by getting Serious.
No bitch that dusty nigga you got 2 kids with who drives yo car still wears Rocawe Waiting 90 days for pussy is like being grounded and looking at the kids playing outside from your bedroom window.
u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussy Recognize that Im a star player leave them hoe fans of yours alone.
Lol Fuck that hoe and her shot up pussy!
Hulkamania is running wild on that pussy This hoe know that not her car lmaooo my bitch bruhhh !!!
Quit being a pussy Lay off the drugs C 911 Happy Valentines Day big booty bitches.
yeah fuck lunch Ill just eat pussy under the staircase by the foriegn language hallway Bald headed bitches mad at me because they look like this.
I also dont assume that because a woman contributes to a sex convo that means her pussy is open f i want a black guy thats 69, wears jordans and has tattoos.
not about to shoot this pussy!
Whoever called it the lowest common denominator and not stupid pussy number was probably mature than me and definitely Note about 30030 days in a month, these hoes selling pussy for 10 a pop lol.
These hoes out of control Come get yo hoe I always text my besties like bitch c me I got the scoop My bitches got pretty pussy Nine times outta ten the bitch using them same unclean brushes on ten of her clients.
Pull up on my ex make that bitch mad Dive in the pussy like Fellas remember to stock up on thermals and Timbs before the dykes buy them johns.
lmao Ate pussy for the first time today.
Its not called being a pussy, its called Dont be a pussy Ungrateful bitches.
Let her know dat pussy on yo mind.
Niggas dat dont get no pussy are usually the ones thirstin these big or ugly bitches.
I hope Ion sound like her I could if I tried but my money feels better then any pussy Ive ever had Dont be a pussy grab the booty.
Ooh ooh thats my song hoe loveoohyie bruh said Black girls pussy taste like attitudes and arguments LOL I just wanna be skinny fit.
Peezy eyed bit you hang out with a hoe you gonna turn into a hoe Your pussy looks like it died six months ago.
DaQuan got her pregnant and now Im gonna have a nigger grandbaby bitch ass nigga square up 1000 rts and hell spark this hoe in here gotta keep these hoes on point she taught these hoes how to pose when u deep in the pussy who else hated this bitch nigga ??
Money cant buy you love so I dont pay for no pussy Who tweeting with last night pussyass or dick on they breath this morning?
theyre afraid of being a bitch in person Not every nigga is pressed for pussy.specially yours.
Its a girl out there who let Russ pay her for her pussy and never has to see him again, meanwhile I read this nigga tweet I think im high naaa or she maddd at her toe im diein i can hear her naa.
Sorority girls the absolute worst bitches Bust dat pussy wide OPEN I tell a bitch dont my shit unless u suckinfuckin these bitches love wyandanch niggas i tell you , i always see y o.t bitches out here wit them.
but keep frontin for t Dont tell a girl youll never eat pussy, cus you just lost.
Flirting with bitches on a Twitter like Freeze bitch, Im gonna steal your heart How to get unlimited pussy in high school If these 3 drop a song together bitches will never run out of quotes If youre not a little bitch Its bros before hoes, not bros before your girlfriend.
bitches worship her like she got a Nobel Prize and she did was fuc No bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 120 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean you happy having a tit Texting bitches at 1112 to make their dreams come true We know a hoe like this When bitches talk about their boyfriend 247 When the fakest bitch you know tweets about being real When you marry a hoe and only realize it 20 years later When you realize bae is a hoe Youre a pussy He said like u got the money to do that dont forget Im not yo ex bitch, I aint broke.
Its a bunch of penis on my timeline literally u want me 2 dm u my pussy lol You prolly ate ur dad.he hates you Ok dad These bitches is really my sons tho Lmaoooooo Bitches be in internet relationships tho.
We gon be thirsty Niggas be like I get 3 times the pussy you get jokes on you fam 3 times 0 is zero Trippin over a rock trippin over a bitch bitches love coming out in public naked Dont do this !!!!
Chocolate pussy 4.
Make her a single mother What if you finally get the pussy its garbage?
That pussy Aint yours broski.
Its Halloween everyday for dykes You gotta fuck ugly bitches from 3 towns over that youll never see again so you can work the kinks out of your sex ga If my man aint appreciating me this pussy DEFINITELY IS gonna end up in another nigga mouth.
Lmaooo hoes so childish sometimes I wanna upper cut this bitch but I dont know if shes special ed or not If youre fucking your sons barber and you still gotta pay for the cut.ya pussy is wack!
A guy should never have these hoes laughing at his Eat her pussy when she mad, sad, stressed, mad at you, or whatever shit just lay her down and eat her pussy up Those 2014 NBA Star Jerseys look retarded.They look like the combo of a NFL jersey a FUBU jersey If I text You up?
that means is it safe for me to come and eat the pussy until I reach cream filling?
shut up bitch Bet her pussy smell like dried up oysters I bet this hoe pussy juices look like spoiled chocolate milk 20 bitches in the lobby, its plenty bitches in the lobby Perfect vision.Me, my niggs, mas hoes, mas clicquot, mas dom p, mas moet, my type of party blasting out a Cali condo drop that pussy bitchhhhhhh i luv when pussy smell like refurbished iphone 3 nigg complaining about a journal and bitches half naked we were at the party last night and P goes.bro this nigg got on chucks just chillin and dancing w the bitches.
Is that fire works or pussy poppin nigga wtf sounds like something youd say you is a bitch ass nigguh I hate bees man.
They be like Buzz buzz bitch and Im like Nah man I aint done shit to you Females are thirsty for attention than males are for pussy.
Fat hoes always wanna beef with somebody, y dont need to be around no type of beef You officially brought flopping to footb congrats on being a pussy.
You gotta know the difference between a good girl and good pussy If he dont believe you, no refunds hoe.
But how many of y gonna bring them dirty bitches home to your Fingering N eating the pussy at the same time is good rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe the niggas in the world why tf Do bitches mess with their friends nigga?
1976 pussy!
I hate when niggas be slobin on the blunt like they eatin pussy have the nerve to try pass it.
Its 2014 you niggas still runnin round sayin Y dont eat pussy.
bitch Cruising down the street in my 64, jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes When you eat the pussy so good she cant control her moans A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend Eat her pussy and look at her like Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y happy, having a title Sucking dick eating pussy is apart of sex.
If you think its nasty then maybe your ass is too YOUNG to be fucking in the hmu when you stop bein a lil bitch hoes these days be like if you dont eat pussy youre childish and immature.
65 a random number for some pussy.
Your pussy so bomb I c it dynamite Right you are!
It work 70 of the time cuh the other 30 g bitches brag about goin to the gym and still be shaped like a patron bottle cuh bitches is twerkin on camera while they kid watchin sponge bob cuh bitches name they make up off of instagram filters cuh this bitch was lookin like Rise the other day bitches who smoke cigs are disgusting cuh fat bitches dont like liftin up they arms in the summer that dampness cuh idk why skinny bitches think they got ass cuh if a bitch let me hit ill leave her CRIPpled cuh if a bitch tell you she got cheated on than 3times its somethin wrong with that hoe cuh if the pussy not fartin u not fuccin right cuh its some sexy ugly bitches in the world cuh that ill fucc these blacc ass charcoal bitches be sayin they mixed with irish and some other false shit cuh white hoes still wear UGGs in hot ass weather cuh LOL you for being a dumb bitch.
Bitches be having No job No future No education have the nerve to say these niggas want is pussy Bitch cause that Stfu faggot a clip is 4 holy fucking tittyy shit How y hoes do instagram rates hoes have no life girls with six packs are scary.
Shave pussy deserve nothing but fie head and good dick My Face when bitches expect me to care Its about that time of the year when the Lightskin hoes who swore they was brown cuz of they summer tan come back AHAAAA DUHH These hoes are for everyone !
If her hands and feet dirty how can you tell if a girl pussy stink before actually gettin in her pan.
id fuck too many young bitches my bitch a choosy lover niggas tweet about wanting a good girl while giving hoes attention day oomf pussy probably taste like the Krabby patty secret formula.
Otherwise they hoe th youre not safe pussy boy looooool Hahaha these niggas funny askRT I bet I can pull at lease 3 bitches with them Best said by theres a storm brewing bitch lmao And I aint got time for bitches , gotta keep my mind on my mothafuckin riches Wake up like fuck my life, lifes a bitch but she better fuck me right if the purge come to my city ima be like bitch is active as shit!
swag swag swag bitch moooob How you invite me over to fuck but I can smell yo pussy from across the room???
A bitch can look like a million dollars wit sum garbage ass pussy I hate wen a bitch fart den be like uughh uuuu farted.no bitch clearly u did ill let a mfa kno wen im fin to Im sorry but side bitches better than a wife in this era.check the stats B lol Mariners said moms 21 and over get free b caps on mothers day.
Damn I hate being a huge pussy had the bitches on MySpace going nuts.
Chunky girl seeks Studly man for nasty sex in my head I was like this bitch may have well emailed me directly for this s THIS SHIT IS LIKE 45 minutes away and its 1 AM so clearly I am in desperate need of some pussy bruh!
and is the shows bad ass Vampires turn into spineless pussys and little OOC bitches Peek a boo bitch, swag scare ya kids Whats Tygas worst bar?
Apple, your new iPhone software is shit, maybe Ill sue u cunts request damages based on the pussy Ive missed out on b My boy is obviously gonna be slaying the pussy tonight, dressed as a ninja turtle Swiggety swag, I love you too fag You ever look at a bitch and just be like.
Bitch Basic bitches basic cable 20 rts Ill go down there and say fuck er right in the pussy Dumb bitches broke my tv, went to wal mart fucked up.
Making homemade pickles and working on a funny tweet about pussy.
We black DEFINITION OF REAL Except you bruh you let bitch ass babidi turn on your niggas fam htt Dem hoes who swear their pussy priceless but u sell ass day As a girlfriend, you have to accept the fact hoes are gonna be up in his face.
I dont play with pussy ass niggas.
On the low Theyre really looking for the next bitch to smash In some pussy??
This go That pussy keep calling me, gettin me in trouble you could have helped Mellie, you revolving doorshaped head ho.
You arent quiet when youre balls deep Ive been at work chuckling at that time said not revealing your age keeps the pussy fresh.
but ima leave yu alone fa being trifling Ima catfish a bitch with fake arms Y ever just been having a normal day and your mind plays a horrible trick on you and give you a whiff of some good pussy I be closing my eyes and shit sometimes so bitches be able to sneak a quick nipple lick in.
Eat pussy.
What about that pussy you was eating last night?
Having bitch dat aint loyal is bitches be having reality twisted Im assuming she got a cup on Her pussy got a bicep b.
Hes SICK how you know the pussy wast overrated ht I never knew it was possible to look like you were about to buy some pussy and still look cool while doing it until tha She from the D.
AKA the month I crush the most pussy.
1st time eating pussy, I thought I was supposed to literally eat it so I ended up biting her clit really hard.
If cats are afraid of water, why does pussy get wet?
Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips lmaoo not buying bitches vehicles You a hoe if you leaving a mans house right now with a costume on Bulls still not winning the title with this bland ass offense.
Pau still a pussy.
These hoes aint loyal If her pussy got over 10 body counts, Its dead.
Put that pussy on me, make me want nobody else!!
Karma is a fat bitch wit a beard Can murder my pussy?
So apparently likes takin pictures when hes eatin pussy Tierra Marie Im the Princess of the ROC Rihanna y get a good pic cause this bitch aint gone be here long Waterproof lab coat in case I drown in the pussy I hate when people leave their trash in my car.
Dont fuck her right in the pussy lmaoooo Ima start a fuck buddies to save lives program.
Lol match some dry bitter ass folks up wit some good dick or pussy.
In the 26 bitch we prolly hit the same bitch, in the 26 bitch we gone bang the same shit, in the 26 bitch we prollu hit But Ive made some hoes second guess themselves lol I really hate skyler like shes loaning money and its not even hers like bitch wtf Lol bitches act hard when they stay getting they ass beat Just hit it pussy bitch.
TheWhite Coward is pussy Gave her that move it lil nigger push smh.
if you pledge allegiance to the pussy If a guy ever called me names such as bitch, slut blah blah.
Like fuck you I Nah nigga you blowin dick Smoking that exotic bitch blowin Os I fucked yo bitch dont get mad its nothing new I fuck everybodys bitch I smashed her an dat pussy was wet Might see a bitch an forget i hit it Woke up tryna fuck yo bitch bitch get off twitter and text me back I love u we dont love these hoes Had to wash the bird shit off of my broom.Disgusting creatures.
If you ask me y pussy.
So its not fuck yall, Id rather just not fuck wi A penis lives a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, neighbor is an asshole, best friend is a pussy and owne.
So the hoes stay Mirin p Alright, later White girls that talk ghetto youre not cute Girls with anchor tats are hoes I look in the mirror and see a pussy ass bitch that sits down when he pees.
Showed her Im an intellectual and put the pussy on the chainwax.
That pussy had to have been 1.
Instagram, the only place you can find thirsty hoes and connects at the same time Every frat should have gay brothers because they pull hella fine bitches to your parties Sigma Alpha Epsilon Eatin the pussy right and she push you off lets go pick up dat bitch she only 10 dollars lol Hml Brogod Its cold as penguin pussy.
Das why girls put booking info in they bio when they get 5k followers one time me and this blind bitch was watching a movie I saw the xxx but I just thought she was a hoe Niggas madd gay teachers giving niggas pussy and they snitching.
me He really put side bitch contract Lmao I hate that hoe already Lmfao bitch got my phone Niggas develop superpowers when it comes to getting some pussy These 5th grade hoes aint loyal When u start realizing that bae is a hoe When you get twerk from the thickest bitch in the room White trash warfare pt 3 bitches be like Im a virgin bitches in middle school be like how to get unlimited pussy in high school pussy ass nigga rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe this bitch at the m shaped like mr.
youre a bitch thats new information thanks Irrelevant people talk so much shit like who the fuck are you bitch When bae turns out to be a hoe Turn up about to be real , marriott with my bitches for the weekend , mansion tonight , adult swim tomorrow This bitch think she cute and have the guys over her hunny ur fake asf just like ur weave he dont even like u stfu Ladies, if your pussy sounds like this please hit my DMs.
So before you wear a thong get yo pussy in check Niggas dont mind sharing hoes Dumb bitch This bitch came to the club with a broken neck?
When you see bae retweet or mention some hoe U tell us you fuckin barbarian Does pussy juice really help ya beard grow?
If you dont stand the fuck up for yourself stop being a pussy!
Im not a hoe just love sex FAMU Sigmas love to eat pussy at their juice partys.
How my pussy taste FAMU Us dykes get play than most niggas!
FAMU track girls have the best pussy!!!
Charlie Sheen is a fucking boss majority of these females y gassing selling pussy , prostituting , escorting , tricks that.
i dont like girls thatve been around , niggas really be cuffin community pussy.
1 Im sorry 2 It wont happen again 3 1 2 are lies 4 Youre a pussy 5 Your Mom hates you If my tweets offend you
stop being a sensitive pussy 2.
Bitches eat mad beef,drink Henny and do the shmoney dance thats why they pussy always stink The fuuuck happened to her ?
Aint nothin worse than a bad bitch that lost it Hairy pussy bitch you the type that got herps Love a bitch that never act hollywood I suck a giant dick, i suck a skinny dick i suck a faggot dick, i suck a nigger dick i suck the dicks that remind me I think most men cheat because theyre addicted to that new pussy smell.
My brother want to put on an asshole persona just to get females.That what happens when you let pussy control you, you Top ten rappers With no hoes 1.Hopsin 2.Lupe 3.Canibus 4.IMT 5.Childish G 6.Papoose 7.Hopsin again 8.Joell Ortiz 9.Krs hits blunt
Brandon is so annoyingand a lil bitch Is it a crime if a nigga just wanna eat pussy?
Leave ya kids unattended cause u wanna Turn up I hate u fertile hoes Good pussy will make a nigga cum quick shit be over faster than a vine It aint nothing to that bitch off Um exactly how most of these hoes twat is setup.
I play wit pussy not these niggas Niggas be on here with these Captain Obvious ass tweets about how to treat women and these lonely low self esteem hoes be ea Nun but bad bitches link up tonight finna go crazy Any man who orders a 6 inch sandwich at Subway is a pussy bitch.
Its okay to admit it She eating pussy but dont eat vegetables You hoes dont deserve the respect you ask for These hoes turn into contortionist just so u can see their ass their smile in the same picture.
The hoes y chase want me You fuck a girl longer then 30 min you still aint bust.she gotta busted loose ass pussy.
Any bitch that tell you I normally dont do this get ready for the best headpussy youve ever got BITCH FOR WHO, GAP?
3thats it,stop being a pussy Still trying to hit this hoe.
Looking thru my yearbook, I dont think Ive done that since my graduation.This book got some hoe ass niggas in it I forgot Hispanic women just have the great pussy and wife skills, white girls own the dick sucking and black chicks.ca Trent Richardson so trash I c myself Fat Amy so twig bitches like you dont c me it behind my back.
You cant undo the numbers on that pussy thoo alright ill meet you there and im not a fag , in fact Brian dont give her shit bitch you aint getting none tho I like big butts so I can grab them The reason high school is so fucking hard is because ned never made a guide for anything past 8th grade.
Got kicked out of AA classes bc I laughed at a guy and called him a pussy for blacking out every time he drank.
Dont forget how Nikko was digging in her booty Sex tape gave her a head bigger than that pussy and for Did u c me a bitch?
If she flirts back she a hoe If you gotta talk shit about another nigga to get pussy you weaaak You wonder why I c you bitch.
My pussy is totes adorbs when she jumps on my bed with litter stuck to her.
Most party promoters are hoes them angel bitches are Lmao.poor pussy!!!!!
PND TV wrestling villains must lie, selectively be a coward, be a bully when they can, gain unfair advantages bitch moan, disre b in da pussy 2 mins like is lupe fiascos retarded illegitimate son I dnt trust bitches who think they shud b on Bad Girls Club Ima buy dat bitch a jump rope bitches live jumpin 2 conclusions A relationship does not stop a hoe from being a hoe.
Just wanna put food in bitches pussy and take cool pictures.
If you thought Mansion Elan was crazy with Migos wait til Boosie Yo Gotti shut that bitch down tonight This is how you eat pussy,repeat after me!!!
My babies pussy is too tight today.
New flash bitch, I dont live to please you aha i cant never keep no bitch cause i put them hoes out Please pornstars, stop saying fuck that tight pussy.
and watch what Just when I thought Justin Bieber couldnt be any of a pussy, he gets arrested in Canada for fighting a person who Well bitch biology said Who said 2 females cant make a baby together?
I dont care how much I hate a girl, Ill never c her a hoe, bitch, slut or any of that shit lol Media Matters executive behind campaign blogged about trannies, homos You swear youre down n the realest n you stay doing little bitch shit like that Burnt pussy lips On my way to fuck your bitch.
fucking pussy thats why exactly.
u pretty but dat pussy got a 100 thousand miles on it!!
Hes such a pussy love my nig These office hoes do not shut the fuck up with their fucking chisme!
These hoes gon FIND a way to wear some spandex I tellya U famous niggas ruined the game by jacking up the price on the pussy.
Women over America are overstating the value of pussy.
Young, attractive, successful, supportive, faithful man w his own everything.u think bringing solely pussy to the table is Jameis Winston is a nigger You cant be a hoe saying that another girls a hoe.
I cant concentrate enough to read it over your sadlooking boob and pussy pics.
men, prob money over the best pussy Listen twitter just because 161 assholes just followed some stupid cunt does not mean I want to.
if you can fuck my bitch , then she aint My Bitch when a bitch that once curved me now up on my dick I do not have bitch tits Crazy girlfriends usually love you longer got the best pussy.
Loyal pussy is best pussy.
This bitch got a real life hippo as a pet I be in the pussy like I love hood bitches.
Hand gently resting on fanny pack Any bitch who need a crowd to fight is clearly easily influenced weak minded most likely will commit suicide If a girl sit on your face, and your nose goes into her pussy, and she rides your nose like a bull, shes a keeper.
She need a man, not no pussy boy.
I dont splurge around no hoe no I dont shine in front of no bitch cus after she get off my dick I be like Find the front Good pussy comes with a smart ass mouth a crazy ass attitude Karahn jus called her future baby a lil shit bitch tell the world why dont you Who said you was cute byeeee mad bitch!
Skinny girls pussy be good den a mf u dont feel nothing but pussy.
So yams are ass or pussy?
She no Bitches love posting them Goals pics showing a Range Rover, Mansion, and money everywhere, bitch you unemployed Bitches see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together and caption it Goals , bitch they doing is going I had such a classic style of tweeting, trolls, dyke tweets, lists, etc, its crazy how many niggas tweet JUST LIKE ME now I remember I was having phone sex with a white bitch and she said her pussy tasted like salt and vinegar chips, aint tal If this nigga Kanye took Kim K to Wendys, this means y regular hoes dont deserve them 200 dates Miley Cyrus pussy probably taste like wet dog, she has a negative ass, and the bitch looks like Justin Bieber, she so ove My girl told me she was on her period, I immediately power bombed her hoe ass Thats logic for a hoe If you single nobody can tell you what to do right?
Be right when u wanna fuck a bad hoe too or a hoe u didnt really wanna fuck If I eat the pussy and it taste like mold, I stop.
If he tell u that u got some good pussy but he never try to hit again.
Jody was really a pussy tho.
im shitty but i promise u im better than that bitch Good pussy have a Nigga like funniest thing Ive ever seen on.Im a lil bitch Lmao damn this bitch so trash Lmao Niggas be trippin about they shoes in clubs tf u wear them hoes for nigga my shoes club shoes !
Just got 11 in flappy bird holy shit lmao that bitch saw the camera looked up at the big screen n then realized when ya side hoe playing too much you want is head I only eat gluton free pussy Lil B That nerdy fat bitch yes sir she fucked The BasedGod Lil B ultimate bitch mixtape is done!!!
You a fuckboy Pepsi cola Ladies what does your pussy taste like?
acting like a fake Ri Getting these checks like Nike Im icy and yo bitch like me dice soho Eating pussy is good.eating everybody pussy aint healthy furrybah in my PayPay voice The hoes are for EVERYBODY my nigga!
Seven grams in the blunt, almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt Quote this with a weezy verse Ur a lil bitch if you dont have your read receipt on you be smokin my dick bitch I dive in tha pussy like.
Y hoes super weakkkkkkkk When you aint had pussy in a hot minute.
Dont no nigga want no broke ass bitch but its crazy how a bitch will do she can to better a broke ass nigga That pussy is never yours its just your turn remember that.
Bros Sup pussy?
Dont no bitches think im sex pussy corny sex being having you wanna kill that bitch right then there im just a average nigguh who chasin his money dreams while tryin stay out of trouble Ima beat with pussy up like Ray Rice.
typical coon activity If you only star tweets in hopes that you will magically get pussy.good luck and keep it up.
Good pussy takes your mind off the struggles and stresses of everyday life Its a lot easier to let go of a girl if you find out shes been giving the pussy out like goodie bags at a birthday bash.
Tweet you dont like bitches wit short hair ya mentions gon be full of this you a pussy I see yo whiskers!
Lmaoooo When you break up with your bf and you gotta pull out your old hoe moves like Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y happy, having a title d That guy who youre so into and who is constantly an asshole to you doesnt give a damn about you beyond ur pussy Dyke bitches walk around proud with their pregnant girlfriend like they got her pregnant Eating pussy is dangerous bitches be trying to snap your fucking neck I need a ride or die bitch!
Gay girls really do get pussy than niggas a nigga gone be a nigga im sorry, a hoe gone be a hoe regardless.
If you dont cat tweets, youre just a big pussy Cant treat these hoes like ladies man.
I told u bout doing that Some niggaz will say and PAY anything to get the pussy.
Got this bitch at work mad with me bc her ex BITCH on my dick tragedy smh Niggas dont know you but will throw dirt on your name for the pussy you h Every bad bitch comes with mood swings You suppose to keep your hoes from finding out about each other Liam Gallagher came to see me perform tonight.
Let her choose fuck her friend or her momma Twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussysold pussy on backpage 50 rts Ill take the mic say fuck her right in the pussy You got niggas and I got bitches.
youre a fucking pussy.
You a pussy bitch and I kick your ass in gta, but youre chill as fuck and we need that 1v1 in basketb again Happy birthday bitch Wipe the cum out of them faggot Contact lens is wildin cant see shit Ready to slay these bitches and im not even half way thew my soak
GET SOME ROCK HARD BIRD this dumb bitch said.No matter what a man says the only way hell truly respect you is if u hold out sex I Cant Wait Till U Ya Boyfriend Break Up, That nigga act Like he own the pussy But its some bad bitches on backpage.
I got sum bad bitches up ma sleeve boi lol Magician ass nigga lmao She threw me that pussy bt i neva caught it gay I fuck with yaw.
defends 45 people when I c them cunts Fvck friends fvck hoes This Sam guy is a fucking pussy.
I dont fuck wit fake hoes I touch is JLos ooooo give this one to the hot pocket hoe Good pussy Is like a drug The Power Thrust really in that hoe omg Insecurities are such a bitch.
Make they wish come true Look at u now u pregnant stupid bitch lol So tired of Y hoes giving a shout out to y Moma talking bout she aint raise no hoe I gota hand fulla brothers Trek gang bitch we hustle I love pussy Bitch youre retarded Men that cook should wear panties too hoes be mad at you cause your nigga wanted you over her Who got time to be having dem hoes!?
Thats aint wassup no I envy bitches with long, full eyelashes Bitches be swearing they pussy soooo good nonsense How to get bitches I got no interest in t skinny model bitches!
That shit could break you down if you lose a good girl I guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up you already know they go to fed for me ah bitch be ready to walk out the door I didnt sell my pussy for 65.it was 80!!!
Eat that pussy from the back and slide two fingers in.
If that pussy good, umma moan when um eating it.
I aint payin for no pussy and my dick aint free my bitch stfu game strong asf Denial is a bitch I just dont see the point in permanently ruining the chance of hitting the pussy again just for laughs, giggles, and RTs Its always the singles hoes who claim they aint talking or fucking nobody who mysteriously pop up pregnant Man I would be happy as a fat bitch in Chipotle if Atlanta get Clowneybut its gone cost to go get him and Ill be happy w So damn sick of that damn lie smfhSkinny girls look like iphones when they jeans come off bitch stop lying!!
Twitter was fye when niggas used to go in on Trending Topicsnow its just recycled tweets and hoes screaming they want loy Lol Rahshauna has hoes I got some lightskin pussy one time and the bitch damn near had me bout to propose.
had some I had to immediately Ill break a Bitch down, like the pussy she is.
Get stirring in that pussy like a feature bitch mcconnell has been a 30year parasite and we can not afford him any longer.
i got hoes i got hella hoes Hahahaha When her pussy better than you expected it to be I cannot be worried bout no bitch.
I could cry right now oh my god City bitches Treat good girls like a queen and treat hoes like garbage If my son ever turn out gay ima have to get his mom and let this nigga know what a pussy feel like My dick is called Abusive Cat Owner because it always beats the pussy up.
Lil nigga just wanted to be a power ran Bitches be 14, 15 acting 21 Throwing the pussy like they 32 Turning up like they 25 But cant pass algebra 1?
Posing as an old brawd wont get you pussy, needle dick.
The pussy finished chapters without me.
Fuck a nigga and a bitch If a bitch say im ugly she a hating,mad, jealous bitch I want a blunt, pizza and pussy niggas talk than bitches these days.
Fuck that cock sucker hulk hogan put him in camel clutch fuck his ass make him humble Phat pussy is the best pussy Some bitches be praying for the day you leave your nigga.
I love my sperm cells too much to waste it on a bitch with no hair I stopped caring about mcm when I noticed dykes where getting chose before me Thank You Rangers for taking out the diving pussy I love it !!
I can tweet about eating some pussy but the moment a woman tweets about sucking dick.
She a hoe, slut, o wet pussy is the best pussy Twitter gives bitches unrealistic views of what a relationship is gonna be.
People bitch about not getting what car they want when they want it, and its free Guys who tweet shit to get a bunch of favorites are on the same level as hoes If Yoda had a pussy.
FACTS RT Your pussy not that good if 10 niggas had it but none of them are still with u If you know yo pussy smells like death why tf would you sit there an let a nigga finger you?
Bae Was her pussy good
Get your own Gangster Gladys If you claim Mackle is your favorite rapper Im also assuming you watch the WNBA on your free time faggot Mimi so proud to be a hoe When you make a beat with a pencil in class and the teacher says keep making that trash ass beat and Ill fail you ht Bend ha over pull ha hair eat her pussy lick her ass I honestly hate women who bitch complain about a nigga playing games when he still makes time for yall.them Females say have a seat faggot they feel like they put a bullet in yo head Only way I want a female to cover up if I like her the rest of you hoes I want to see half naked pics on the TL You can be a good girl you want and those hoes still gonna get us niggas attention from time to time just knowing U can still go out and bag some bitches is good enough for me.
Protestors rally to support teen facing life sentence in pot brownie case smh not for a brownie Bad bitch, HTown, keep it trill y know y cant fuck aroundddd When the lazy eye bitch was tryna put up a front with me Girls who vape only faggots say some pussy shit like that I swear.
Youre finished Girlfriend FaSho pussy.
Ho Some mo pussy.
Dont lose your FaSho pussy, tryna get Some mo pussy, end up with NO P Sometimes females are just fucking retarded bro.
After these shows y bitches imitate n wonder u I say d things I say idk who gave that bitch my name idk who gave that bitch my name or number Anti Captain Sav the last bitch I fucked was a mixed breed bitch we RMP fuck who dont like I dont like Black pussy remind me of roast beef, white pussy remind me of cheesecake and Mixed girl pussy remind me of Apple Pie.
me Lol niggas only act nice when they think pussy is the reward.
Lemme find me a bitch that hurt my feelings lol aye at least that bitch hot boxed lmao Dont talk behind my back I hate that pussy shit I fucked your bitch a hunned times , what the fuck your bitch got on her mind?
As good as the pussy is, Im supposed to pull OUT when I bust?
U might be a faggot if u pull outta the pussy to bust bro.
I make the pussy cringe if bitches are thirsty but you Hungarian I swear that bitch.
dies This bitch about to get dragged LMFAOO omg if you think twitter should change the bird logo to a badass bald eagle The sound of wet pussy Every zoo is a petting zoo, if youre not a pussy.
the timeline boring because the hoes out right now probably getting fucked or planning too every time bobby bitch comes on hide ur bitches or else mmy nigga flavio said deuces hoe no sex bitch i only want the decks bitch yugioh pussy boy dont want war tyga used to be good before he got into this swag fag shit ya pussy stank Yes Mimi bitch yo dumb ass got played Undercover hoes I never met a faithfull bitch Theres a different between a slut and a bitch.
My monday bitch keep her ass up and face down My tuesday bitch man I aint even hit it yet just finger pop her pussy just to sit and get the kitty wet Im a pimp tho no limp hoe The fact that y hoes gettin pregnant wit no ring on ya finger Im a tramp, ho, AND a slut.
When they run out of dick inside the pussy.
Honey pot Harf is the state dept version of pussy Paltrow Maury 65 years old and still exposing hoes.
How i eat the pussy these hoes aint loyal bitch Sav is a fag Eddy and teezy get no pussy so I dont know why they always talking about that shit.
LOL favorite line tho You say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant.
Eating pussy.
I love how sweet girls have sweet pussies Good pussy will change your life.
somewhere between i need therapy and bitch, im fine Eat it with milk She gotta shape up her pussy lips tho Whole wheat organic pussy i got bitches an i know some killlllllas fuck y this bitch is no help at lmao that hashtag had me dying princess hoe needs to get a Twitter lol Fucked of tyga bitches 6God Females be 14 acting 18.
Throwing the pussy like they 25.
But still cant pass Alg Fuck you bitch Im actin brand new If you can stick one finger in your pussy and feel 4 walls.
 my bitches attractive yea m8, fire crotch igniting your sisters pussy since 06 Somebody get my nigga.
some pussy cuz this nigga dont get no ass so imma need one of my hoes to slide in my nigga Niggas fight in the NBA and theyre called ghetto dont know how to act but theres a brawl in NASCAR and nobody sa never trust a bitch who has a fresh copy of master p album Im scared to lose you, cause I know you get bitches.
I just touchdown on pussy nigga!
who doesnt like it when a random bad bitch hits you up just to s I dont respect nun about a bitch cause idgaf bout des hoes I love a bitch wit sum nice teeth n lips my bitch Females will mess with a guy who has a girlfriend but wont mess with a single guy cause he has too many hoes stupid bitches cant handle the johns I deadass took this after i ate a darkskin bitch pussy the other day I hate taking a shit at public places bc i feel like a faggot when im placing the toilet paper on the toilet seat Math is fucking useless.
Quotable If my man aint appreciating me this pussy DEFINITELY IS gonna end up in another nigga mouth.
These hoes aint shit My pussy tastes like Pumpkin Spice Latte.
But we make it and this bitch sits on the couch and turns on Ice Age the movie and asks us if were hungry like we arent t If you curve me im just going to assume your pussy is trash and you were doing me a favor You bitches could never be nae.let him tell you he love him some nae she a dumb bitch smh I got hard dick for dez bitches.
When Kanye said I dont need your pussy, bitch.
When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy When Tyler the Creator said Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome The trick of reality tv is making tacky bitches seem classy badgering real women with real ethic into submission.
Wet warm pussy Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y happy, having a titl Too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
Crazy things about the pussy that you should know
Make sure u know Scientists have recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin These hoes aint loyal I swear I saw then 3 bitches jump this girl Commie Mints F!kkk this faggot commie Does my Mewtwo make your pussy wet?
Peace tranquillity If you were a Greek Mythical Godwhat would u be your retarded Highwaisted jeans are not made for everyone bitches be looking horrible my internet aint get transfered yet pussy These hoes will fake like they really fck with you but be hating on you lowkey I love how twat is gender neutral.
Why would I be in a relationship theses hoes go still do them These hoes is thotful Y hoes aint slick The best way to avoid a tsunami of extramarital pussy is to wear sneakers on your daily commute.
Also using the word sneake Where is everybody getting this fuck her right in the pussy sayin from?
if not shutup never say it again How you pressed over some pussy you never had ?
Damn so many fake niggas bitches Im scared of her.her pussy too good!!
She right You spam If you eating the pussy you might as well eat the ASS.
Any girl that talk about sex on social media is a hoe Phil Simms is a pussy Screw these hoes Silencer up on that.30 that bitch dont make a sound Lib Hypocrisy alert bans bossy but bitch is okay!
50 retweets and Ill shove it up my pussy pics!!!
This assholes mother should have shoved a coat hanger up her pussy gouged him to death when he was a harmless fetus My sister shittin on you hos once again wodeh bout dat action shes a model on but shes just a hoe from my town.
when you see a hoe talking to bae but she not even on your level Dont give a man the pussy until he gives you a relationship.
Eating your womans pussy is good for the soul.
I want to lick one lucky, HEALTHY, CLEAN womans pussy tonight to totally change her life views about men forever!
SEX FACT A lot of women say getting their ass eaten feels better than getting their pussy eaten.
Smh Never trust a bitch that try to be a side bitch They say crazy girls got the best pussy I aint gettin my hands tatted dumb ass, y yo bitch ass leave da bus stop last night, the main was goin Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo.
I know I got good pussy I dont want yo bitch, she gotta be foreign.
We have bigger problems here Rn Like McDonalds doesnt serve breakfast after These hoes aint loyal Y act like your pussy did something magical because a nigga suddenly didnt pull out.
99.9 of bitches are hoes except my mama using words such as dick and pussy in regular convo is just too vulgar for me.
Claim whatever part of her u please, fuck her to bliss or bruise her sweet pussy with a crop till she begs to be your filthy Duncanville girls cold den a hoe Dont be a stupid fucking bitch.
me, to stupid fucking bitches Her pussy loves it when I speak in tongues.
Sorry that I came into your pussy like a wrecking ball.
Y still getting y face beat igggggy you still taking pics with a face full of pussy nut?Dawg yoi a slut!
For niggas who claim to love pussy as much as y do, y should be champions for sexual liberation and stigma remov Slander dont exist when you make her cum.
Every bad thing she says doesnt register, cuz you got the pussy.
When I hear a baby cry at a restaurant I can literally feel my pussy slam a door closed and throw out the gone fishing And she gave this nigga head while I was laying next to her while she had a bf shes a hoe on the low Trust no man, fear no bitch.
Used in a sentence Ill never get any pussy because I know how to Ian worried bout a bitch who aint worried bout me Go ahead and mock me, one day Ill sell enough of this makeup to drive the pink Mary Kay Cadillac and well see whos gay If having hoes still excites you you still have some growing to do lil mf !!!
Why girls be so embrrased when they pussy fart?
Willing to eat pussy for it if need be.
future bae best drink fiji water so her pussy taste like retweets cinammon apples ur a faggot if you change your name to your bday just so you can get bday tweets.
No bitch t Give me conversation.they think u giving em pussy ahhhhh YOU TRIED IT.
Filing this one under heartless cunt Why is there a pussy screaming on my TL ?
Bitches eyebrows be on FlEEK Loyalty on Weak edges incomplete and pussy on REEK Not basic bitches I come off like a total bitch, but if I like you I will literally do anything for you.
Pussy is pussy asses.
Some bitches forget you have to be a friend to keep a friend I just wanna spread your legs kiss lick my way down to your pussy just so I can feel every bit of wetness on my tong Social network got bitches heads like On the NorthSide WildBills With Come up on a check Left that hoe alone Im cock and pussy like in my tweets and penis and vagina like in DMs how the bitch ear get burnt?
Lmao I be in yo bitch pussy like bitch stop lien When your main bitch friends see you at a party.
Back tf up bitch That moment the pussy too good u gotta slow that stroke down!
Your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt guy send me a pic of your pussy Girl ok sends pic of pussyguy HOLY SHIT, WHAT DAFUQ I WANTED TO SEE THE CAT!!!
youre a fucking pussy Im turning over a new leaf!
Announcing that you could be a piece of pussy for a couple hours, then irrelevant after that?
Its pitypussy.
Find a GOOD WOMAN that tells you when youre slippin and pushes you to Side niggas get pussy and main niggas get arguments Dont beef over no bitch.
I dont text other bitches Bc I dont want her texting other niggas when I d Aye everyone buy some bombass brownies tomorrow from my wigga They dont contain marijuana b I know ya friends tellin u, leave me for good, but fuck them hating ass hoes babe IDC what phone u got, lol silly nigger If u looked good in highschool and wack now, I know that pussy been thru some shit Lmaooooooo aint fuckin no bitch with doo Doo in her butt while Im foreplaying, THE FUCK My daughter hate the Freddy Krueger mask I got at the crib, wheneva she act up, I put that bitch on for the NITE Pete carroll prolly got the hoes lined up for his players after the game bruh Sooner or later ya pussy gon tell Me the truth, lets hope its not while Im in it, cause Ima kill u Warm that pussy up That rocket blowing up reminds me of that time in college when I blew a tranny.
Youre a pussy Im obviously llo from OITNB cause crazy and jealous bitch.
Messis like Im back bitches lmao Karate bitch Im not saying shes a slut, but her favorite shade of lipstick is pussy.
My parents couldnt afford the 64count color box with the sharpener on the back Fucking over your guaranteed pussy trying to get some pussy will end you up with no pussy!
I dont work for pussy.
I dont care how much pussy I get, I still got to jack my dick.
When you start liking a hoe you dont really like because she gives you the pussy on a consistent basis.
This bitch at work gone make me slap her head off her fuckin neck Yo bag Gucci but you still ugly hoe shut up I can post a picture of chrus at like 5 in the morning and the little nigga will favorite and retweet that hoe if you aint bout that Murder Game pussy nigga shut up 252 GANG 10,000 dinner dates with yo man bitch.
Being pussywhipped When youve got 5 or 6 hoes every one of them sees her man as god.Thats why you dont have sex with them very often.
So they both was selling pussy and doing dirt together and they fell out so they putting each other on blast even though the hoe about to bust ha knee caps when your bro ask for a turn when you about to get some pussy Cry, liberal bitches.
a captain save a hoe just jumped in the convo to save these hoes LLS lmao bummy bitches I want to leave but he said he was going to eat my pussy now Im afraid to go and leave my cat alone with him Wow, he didnt just c them bitches, from what I could see it looked like Brady told the crowd Fck you, bitches!
when you tryna get bitches on LinkedIn Hi mom, last night I was cunt slapping when you texted me about grandpas bypass, sorry I didnt get back to you until no aint worth it, your pussy smelled like reused soap anyways Allergic to
Yo bitch is Gucci Mane My bitch a stoner Darkskin girls got that juicy pussy Fat hoes.
wet pussy makes the dick slip out bitches be like had my heart taken since 12312 i love you babe bitch isnt that today?
Girls with good pussy are possessed by demons its a fact Finna make a power move wit a bitch taxes we both gone be straight long as she do wat I told ha I guess its cool to just walk around with ya titties out in a seethru top?
Only pussy niggas wouldnt fuck with a chick if she has stretch marks.
get downstairs you fucking pussy get downstairs and play me im fifa bitch When she tells you Go hug one of your hoes.
XX Only Twitter niggas care bout hairy pussy.
Just take them off and let my tongue twist around in your pussy instead.
I need my pussy ate now !
That pussy so wet she gotta dry outsidestop telling my business Listen, cunt Today aint yo day Nah I hate white people now since he looks like a dyke I think he just ended racism Moment of truth, these hoes the truth Philly full of these type hoes.
Good pussy aint changin nothin.
That only mean you get fucked Your pussy must not pop severely But Im single Mac 10 lay on the floor like a matress Young based god came straight for the bitches Illegal alien is not a race.
If ya girl shaves the pussy before going out with her girls, somethings wrong.
I PROMISE I WILL Crying kill me with fire That pussy crying for help Got these hoes on my dick like brad pitt bitches cheat.
Bitch I will write you a letter with my response an Niggas get married and start dissin single bitches smh You bitches want allowance and 200 dates and still singl Bae go text your hoes Me when bout 5 bitches got together and thought of a reason to make they boyfriend claim them This bitch eyebrows lookin like the bulls logo bye bitch my pussy dry 247 Its simple, dont be a hoedont worry about being exposed fight me Rohan a bitch yo These bitches so phoney Rows for the hoes
These bitches putting their soul in this routine When a bad bitch asks you to come over When you and your boys discover a hoe bruh he threw that bitch every time bobby bitch comes on this kid definitely got the pussy after that game on.
When Tyler the Creator said Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome When Eminem said C me a faggot, cause I hate a pussy When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy these hoes too familiar Hmmm, is that a Ratchet hoe I smell?
doesnt hear whispers to myself deaf bitch Mom WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SA Die slow bitch Thats Scary accurate Ray J is the perfect example of what happens when you give a lame nigga some pussy WCW goes out to the women with their shit together because these pretty bitches get way too much credit for being cute w Cant keep stooping for these hoes.
I know better i was ready to delete my entire instagram app when i found out one of my IG crushes was selling pussy on backpage for 75 f Im going to let the pussy out like fight night The fuck?
Pallbearers Niggas gossip like hoes Im sleep tho I love being loyal to one person fuck having hoes I aint tryna steal ya car, but I DID eat the hell outcha wifes pussy!
Ur pussy still trash.
It make the pussy sing.
 moshing room for me in that I was disgusted, betrayed, hurt, my pussy drier than a niggas skin in the winter time autocorrect
its a bitch When you hear a hoe talk shit And if you aint a hoe, GET UP OUT MY TRAPHOUSEEEE rides into the pussy on a gym class butt scooter If I ride up to your bitch in these then.
When you ate the pussy but yeen think she was gone tell anybody bitches cant get the ios8 because they have over 10 gb of selfies cuh Y females love y a bum nigga or a jail bird.!!!!
Go hose your pussy down you weird bitch This bitch slow lmaoooooo Periods dont stop nothing but a sentence boo, let me taste that pussy.
Can you imagine Tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm slutin and still comin up unsuccessful I done went wit a hoe before frfr so who am I to judge na a hoe cry to yu swear she aint fuckn off n still have a side nigga Spit da same game to hoes like da same clothes money bring power so we like a bankroll Mannn let bosh hoe ass hit that 3 To bad you wont hit a girl pussy You like your lunch little boy?
Fan that fucking trash netflix be posting shit that looks like a porno bitch AWE HELL NAH me and are bad bitches, come fuck with us Bitches will give their pussy to the whole community but wont give a nigga a piece of gum just because i think youre fine dont mean i want you, you appealing to my eyes, not my heart bitch.
I got money I dont need u bitch Everybody think i get hoes and think ima playa but honestly im in my crib wondering bout if my mom making yellow or whi Niggas these days will walk 10 miles to get some pussy.
wassupyou be twatching hoe lmfao bitch was I talking to you but Im talking to you in my bubba voice Sm ass pants bitch You been the side hoe omg These hoes gonna be stunting in Florida with the pussy hoe bang this big and she got nerves to think she better then us , bitches have no chill ion be understanding how you hoes drop y nuts at once but when a bitch on your ass you cant hear a mouse piss The face you make before you tell a bitch about herself I make dat face too much You stupid lil ass bitch I aint fuckin with chuuu.
Niggas will fuck yah good , eat ya pussy then go home to they bitch like aint shit happen They on a bitch , yeah they want a bitch If u can steal her shes a hoe Iz no point in being jealous cuz dee hoes for everybody U bitches boring You knew I fucked that bitch and you didnt react?
When ur fuckin and her pussy stank but u have really good friends.
I do not fuck with that bitch she cannot keep her legs closed dont mind my retarded ass If youve only seen my couch, not my bed, then you my hoe How I lose this sweet.you aint lose it you hide it lmfao Viri tryna smoke that hoe to his self My mama told me if a bitch feet dirty her pussy dirty cause ya feet the first thing that hit the water when you bathe.
we dont want him skitdaddle wit that shit hoe Pussy will always be my fav iggy song, like how do you not like a song that just says pussy numerous amounts of time.
Ill write a poem for u hoe If you cant eat pussy thats got hair on it Im not even sure you really know how to eat pussy.
Throw me a blunt bitch This bitch must be stopped Hoes out here selling pussy for some new uggs!
You disqualified A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend If her pussy got over 10 body counts, Its dead.
Pussies only have 9 lives Gotta eat her pussy so good she forget dick coming next.
I wouldve killed Victor Sweet if I was one of his l I knew a bitch in college who sold the pussy for 23 favors I have no hoes man.
But I died l bitch i dont fucking know you bitch ass nikka took Flight Frm Niggas be in that pussy like Everybody claim they fvck with bad bitches but the ugly bitches getting pregnant.
why fab snapped like that konnnichiwa bitch I tell a bitch, go and get my name tatted on her spine so I can feel good when Im hittin it from behind Fuck twerking bitch can you cook Wet pussy with no smell a mf Lord.
On god y hoes better get off my twitter stick by his side and dont give his pussy up.
BITCH YOU GUESSED IT my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick
If you dont mind me asking Another movie thats gonna make you question your bitch I dont care about none of these bitches Makem eat my ass since eating pussy aint major no Girls say bs like you got too many hoes.
Ion want the pussy if it come wit hairs I hate Im my own WCW ass bitches bitch you ugly as fuck, are you a fuck tranny ?
But its no pussy shit and that was some pussy shit For those watching that so raven.
Been Trynna catch up Witchu pussy I dont be fucking with NOBODY , cause most of these bitches got fake in they blood.
Dont be gettin no additional pussy for them soft ass tweets.
Get your I need a man ass on Bro even with uno webo I still get pussy than you Why does everybody drive like retards when it rains lol You better pray I dont send your nudes out bitch How many bitches have actually gone to the club in a mini skirt js on?
I want this bad bitch epidemic to be over so fast bruh.fees cant write a sentence with proper subjectverb agreement now i wish i was born in a different generation , cause y just make my pussy bones hurt.
Get that sophisticated pussy.
fuck wrong w you dumb ass i wanna be famous ass 3 mixtapes cant r these bitches fake if you ask me Nomatter how much Im feeling you, u cant compete with girls who throw the pussy.
this is real life She want to give u pussy so bad she mad at u cus u fucking it up Sometime u gotta shut down tha fun and get tha rite.
swear me n zee da only niccas who aint got da update yetIm right there wit cha bruh You talking shit But yo pockets aint shit Yo bitch aint shit Yo life aint shit nigga you just a aint shit as nig Her pussy fatter than ya dick lmao these bitches niggaz with they imaginary haters.
hahahaha signs be funny than a bitch heard a bitch say im ugly but ha nigga thank different you say you mainline he dont treat me no different ever wanna text somebody and be like bitch die I hope you dont wake up you low down dirty muthafxcka these bitch niggas couldnt live my cold lifetyle Y hoes love footb Df Bruh go wash the dishes in the sink then come upstairs and eat this pussy fuck no id be gettin swole in there like everyday nigger I swear its the huge bitches that think they the baddest imma cool as bitch so if a bitch dont like me its a personal problem.
Dougie be yamming the coon that beat boxing When you drop your hoes for the wrong one and you gotta bring em back LMFAOOOOOOO Gotta watch these hoes I Swear Truth B told i have 0 hoes 1 A real nigga would NEVER be hurt and crying over pussy they didnt get for two years.
4 Only pussy niggas who suck dick cry about someone being in their mentions, tweet the person then cry again about the Lord please dont let this bitch kill my vibe.
And y niggas jus give up the pussy.
Thinkin y bout to ge Life to short to be walkin round mad at bitches bitches jus love to get me madd pussy like girls, damn is my pussy gay?
js met a lil bitch wit a long name mufucka had letters den Tennessee, I go gorilla ina pussy, RIP If you still put your pride in front of your feelings.
Then yes bitch your still childish When she waives her pussy fees bye Lawrence The single life is hitting for zero.
Man just proofread edited this niggah sentencefeel like Im back in 6th grade doing daily oral la boy I was clean in them bitches.you loved them damn sandals Lmaoooooo If we cuddle then Im sliding something thick in your pussy, just a warning Why do y niggas entertain that Nicole bitch?
If I cum on your pussy dont be tryna rub it in like they do in the pornos cuz if u get pregnant tha You got niggas I got bitches but I want you.
No come here mr pussy Mr pussy where are you lol I know it aint good, but these hoes gon do what they wawawaaaaannnnnt.
When you eat pussy it helps Yo beard grow this is s I want some taco truck tacos!
I know her pussy taste like peaches and my life goals lmfaooooooo does being on my dick make any of y hoes feel relevant ?
Nigga so is this pussy since we statin facts bitch took flight I took the hoe to burger king why you hurt my feelings
This burger 3 days old but I eat 19 yr old pussy so I should be fine right ?
Them trick niggas splurge on the pussy, yo You give me one day, Ill purge on that pussy yoooo Now the title bitch doesnt apply to women, but women have a lil bitch in em There is nothing wrong with Ariana Grande.
bitch really think i cant connect my own lucky number face MY CHEST Kobe getting docked 100K for calling Ref a faggot What do y co Run up on a nigga get to squeezing hoe hahaa Yo this freezing cold shit so Lel n for the birds it crazy Yu take this money we gon throw a party on that pussy Y some bitches Damn I fuck bitches I guess Sinclair hoes dont care how fat they are.
Id run like a mother fucking pussy screaming for my mom to help htt Love really is blind, stupid cunt of a feeling.
Wtf is boy pussy ?
Nothing wrong with Black girls having high dick standards, our pussy bomb nigga!
a bitch walking around w weave pussy still taste like McDonalds fries.
Play pussy get fucked Y these niggas on this hoe shit Im too pretty for this.
If your girl is upset and crying.let her cry.she needs to learn how to stop being a pussy.
Bitches that dress like this pussy taste like hot dog water and bad grades.
comin from this bitch who had a dread on the back of her she forgot from centurys ago Im a knock the pussy out like fight night Fuck with us and then we tweaking hoe Babies are born hipsters because they come out of the hospital in beanies.
Sam Houston State Guy tells me he doesnt eat pussy, and of the sudden I dont suck dick any Centeral Washington University I rub orange peels on my dick before I go out cuz I dont want these bitches to catch a cold.
Prairie The only thing that Collegefession has taught me is that in fact, these hoes aint loyal Stony Brook Were putting long hard dicks down our throats the least you could do is lick a little pussy Illino You know shes a dyke when she asks for mens golf clubs lmao okay now lets address pepsi pussy Real niggas know Blow shit up and get fatter.
When Deltas smell they own pussy You notice that im the real them other bitches is wack bitches be quick to say let me pull out my phone are these hoes loyal?
dont make me pull out the pokeflute hoe each time I do it for ya I make that bad pussy behave Doctor is available to examine your pussy, testicles and penis as painlessly as possible.
I want to eat as much pussy as I can before Lent.
m4w 29 some women just werent blessed with a cotton candy pussy Im such a bitch to you.
Congress really is acting like a bunch of bitter bitches.You cant continue to refight an election you lost.Obama is President You know my motto It Aint Tricking If Shes Worth It but fuck first, trick later depending on the potency of the pussy.
just a little closer bitch happy birthday to the gayest nigga missing you and follow my new account british cunt The theory of you say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant has been proven Omg i was coughing and saw wiggas tweet the fuckkk lol.
no matter what I dont have a key to my car that bitch foreign Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips fse cut it out How black bitches drive when they fav song come on pt 1.
Im a cool ass nigga lbs.its rare if a mf dont like me.nigga you either hating or mad cus yo bitch choosing I beat the pussy up up up up up.
they aint never gunna believe your dumb ass Lmao hoes now a days slow rap voice that bitch can suck my dick faster rapping voice that bitch can suck my dick hoooow bitch how bitch my dick is yo dinner See Your pussy personality gotta be trash if a nigga stopped talking to you after sex Lmao a hoes favorite season is Cuffing Season!
Uhm bitch the fuck its Wednesday and we are suppose to wear black u cant sit with us Lexi swear she a bad bitch LOL shiiiiiit, one day they gonna have a have a golden statue of me lickin da shit out of some pussy in my Lol I be eatin da shit outta sum pussy.
Ill never be a serial pussy eater tho.
Your iPad raised your kid to be a giant pussy.
i wanna go hand to hand with the NRA pussy ass spoke.
Momma said no pussy cats inside of my dog house.
Eat the pussy 2.
Beat the pussy up 3.
Apologize to the pussy by eating it again because its so good.
I want to take the time tonight to acknowledge of the ex hoes She used to be fun as a hoe.this new you is to positive Im mature enough to eat pussy when its time too, eating ass is just disrespect.
the the merrie This nigga jerry room smell like bad pussy!
They stop tweet for 3 to 4 weeks and come bac with the same love tweets bout Ross got Amber Rose naked these hoes aint loyal wiz that aint Amber Rose tho bell hooks is bored by Nikki Minaj thinks pussy is old hat.
ha na bitch not over here Dont curve the man today, in whom you may need to eat your pussy tomorrow Real.
He eats your pussy until u nut.
refer to her as your bitch violet needs service to get texts from hoes pussy ass nigga You assholes know that referring to a girl as bitch doesnt make your dick any bigger, right?
Artist Of The Year Quit hoggin the blunt bitch I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings Dont put the pussy on a pedestal homie Kills me when bitches have a different REAL life MCM every damn Monday lmao.
Money is the baddest bitch I know When the pussy so good you cant pull out.
if u got cotton mouth u can eat my pussy porno hoes funny af bc theyll still be like u like this tight ass pussy even tho the dude been fucking for 45 minutes w u still in ur feelings and he in some new pussy Fuck the skinny bitches Before covering up misdeeds, creepy little leprechaun John Koskinen cooked the books for Teamsters Freddie Mac I have an embarrassment of bitches Sitting pretty makes bitches mad pretty much Nosey ass hoes , I hate em.
Always finding shit but cant find a man to date em shes covering half of her face and shes still prettier than of you hoes skndndnddnd My friends the 2014 Malibu has the legroom and ventilation necessary for professional pussyeating.
Visit your Chevy d i just found out that marehood is code for horse pussy Bitches talking bout dey bout ta chill out on going out you bitches just saying dat cause its getting cold and u bitches d nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit I swear we in this forever now bitch a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies
bitch lol Huh man hes gna drown in the pussy for real Lol everyones a lil bitch hoe If yo bitch only fucking with you bcuz of your money chances are any nigga with some money can fuck her?
You can ask yourself if you trust Clegg, Cameron and Miliband, or you can vote Yes and never think about the cunts ever a There might be a couple cotton pickers on the spurs but they play unselfish white man basketb if a man tells you he doesnt eat pussy expects to have sex, just laugh.
rule do pussy ass shit sometimes.
I feel like eating pussy right fucking now The only D yah bitches should be thirsty for Half the bitches that say tfti , wouldnt even go I bet.
pussy so good had to save that shit for later A female will automatically assume you have hoes if she finds you attractive.
Like I know I can be a bitch sometimes but some people need to know their levels I love pussy not surprised stupid bitch Fonda troops Vietnam I see the same hoes The wicked witch of the east is DONE!!!!
HIRE TRANS WOMEN Went to both lunches because of your bitch ass But I aint mad at her prejudice dad, thats the best damn pussy I ever had!!
Goodbye you faggot i hate when netflix stop asks if im still watchin like yes u think i got up started doin somethin with my life bitch put my hobbies include being a sarcastic bitch and thats it I think pats trying to say his pussy is too bombed.idk Oh BOstop with the speechlike you give one tinkers damn about the kids,the poor,any of the crap you are spoutingyouve prov RT To these hoes Im everything Can you c someone a racist, then c them white bitch in the same sentence without losing credibility?
nigger wtf this bitch broke her arm eery time she hit the shit Jennas a faggot bitches be handin out neck like free chinese food samples at the m and go to bed every night wondering why they aint youre a pussy.
You have cargo shorts in your Avi than fucks I give Cleveland nigga Im fly We switcharoo bitches no lie If she got the Chipotle Plug, Cuff that hoe Stop forcing ya kids to take these pictures u trying to trap niggas online wit u funky hoes Happy Halloween bitches katiedodds15 I bet there are hella rednecks who just got super pissed at that Coke commercial Im honestly surprised some of u guys have ever seen a pussy Show me your pussy.
They lovin the crew gd nigguh waldo had chipotle waiting for him at his house lucky soab lol If you ever had an abortion you got cemetery pussy omg lmao I still aint got the time for a bitch to be acting iffy Always a fat bitch in the handicap spot but never a dude in a wheelchair.
egg avi in my mentions with 0 followers pussy bo dont want war.
Youre a grown man and think eating pussy is emasculating?
she must have beat her own pussy up Salute Ead Especially after Rita died.
Like someone who was born and breed to eat pussy.
Some Niggas be so pressed for pussy my bad yes some!
equal opportunity pussy 0 hoes.
Men only cheat for new pussy I dont do nothin for no bitch that she wouldnt do for me Im missing a few things I really need in my life iPhone 6 iOS 8 ps4 some bitches and a new car.
Men only cheat for pussy.
Why are pussy farts so embarrassing ?
Candles.plug ins.spray.the smelly good wax thingys.pussy.
1st Show proof I sold pussy for 65.
I wanna watch a nigger made before Christmas Theres pussy makeup?
deleted at 100k for booking email backpagepussy.com A real hoe will never let you turn her into a house wife.
Yo pussy Trash When you having a girls night and you cooking for ya bitches Ctfu lmfaoo LMFAO Lmao You niggers move sooo fast Ego so big I must admit , I got every reason to feel like Im that bitch When you hoes gone learn second place dont get a prize?
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like I will neva sleep on a pussy these hoes aint loyal
I just wanna leave this bitch for a weekend If you hatin you just need some pussy.
eat my pussy you aint a bad bitch if you got bad habits !!!
Craziest bitches got the best pussy.
If you c a player a pussy when hes sidelined by concussion, and a low class when he trash talks, you might be a f half of it will be about how you became ghetto in Compton.
ayyy what fags LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Put that muthafuckin jelly on that bread, bitch spread it im running like a bitch Michael Clifford, role model and inspiration to many if you ate my pussy, dont ever try to disrespect me.
when you a bitch they never talking bout you of a sudden Youre still a pussy Attractive girls are always the most insecure.
trigger finger keep my pussy wet?
Leavin no hope for these hoes fag pussy Im not saying Im for this but.
Lost my erection and found it in your girlfriends pussy 1 day down 39 days with out pot a faggot Damn it wigga imma get my crew on dis fuckin fag real talk nigga up fuuck jalens a slow bitch!
and also.pussy!.if my shit offends u.get off twitter.block me.and go suck a cock.
fudg I dont want the pussy if it makes me want to pay your bills and not sleep my Sunday mornings away, dont ruin my life.
Keshonna Alexander had the best pussy in the world.
Taste good asf how much does your wife wet pussy want another dick.
That dude who played Muhammed must be getting a ton of pussy now.
Good pussy change ya life!
Dylan Y stay tracking pussy miles, but refuse to put any effort into controlling your own peen.
get u some pussy be happy im soooo over having a bitch it aint EVEN funny lbs.
wtf Nobody want no pussy 25 other niggas done had before Jammer just said to me he thought mustard on the beat ho was saying Abdullah on the beat this whole time LOOOOOOOL Im telling you, shaved pussy is ugly.
Its a joke bitch, fix ya face Its my pussy not yours I think this gotta be my favorite naked picture ever.damn BITCH FOR WHO, GAP?
Tell the whiny little bitch to c Alberto Gonzales an 4370 sunnyslope dr, memphis tenn 38141.come over and get fucked in the ass you lil skinny bitch, i love read skinny whatUpWyd B chilling in the square wbu ?bitch wat u bitch nigga Bitches be out here eating pussy than niggas Exactly!!
And if you looking for my Ill be on these bitches mind It aint nothing to cut that bitch off Somebody c an ambulance because these bitches dieing for attention about to rock this bitch with with our beautiful angelic voices Eugene, come watch me run circles round the rap game like my name was chip kelly in this bitch h Dese hoes be actin up From my experience these bitches aint shit my pass bad on 4nem How you wife dat bitch 2many niggas fucked from my clique 2many niggas actin so rich dese boppin hoes on my dick I dont fuck with bitch niggas I only fuck niggas bitches I hate a bitch that think they crazy I hate wen hoes lie and say I fucked em I need a loyal bitch not no goofy bitch Im finna up my bag so Im cutting you weak hoes off Ima pull up eat the pussy and dip Never have kids by a fan bitch if so cop lol No time to play wit bitches Seem like dese bitches aint loyal These bitches aint my bitches People need to mind they business bitch this the Internet.
You niggas just love assuming bitches want y when we just being nice Ive always wanted to do a YouTube cover but Im too pussy so umm okay how about this.
When she says Come get this pussy Stevie J proved that you can turn a hoe into a housewife.
i hate when i lose something and my mom says well i guess it wasnt that important like bitch you lost me in a grocery st Great pussy will have you doing shit you would think you would never do Y ever was In the car with ya moma before and you singing every song come in and she be like bitch you know that sch True life Im an emotional clingy bitch I have zero hoes Freeze bitch im gonna steal your heart Mansion Elan tonight bitch!
like bitch hang with ppl ya age you can ride for a nigga ya whole life new pussy fuck it up in one night bitch please i dont even make my own food Hoes be calling hoes, hoes, when they know they just as much of a hoe as the other hoe they calling a hoe.
hell yeah benihana up in this bitch you called me a pussy, tough guy?
Shes just like any other female with a pussy so who If your pussy was a book , Id read up on it I see y which one of y side bitches made this Niggas about sex now days.
Pussy hungry bitch look at me never hungry Musty pussy maggot bitches tryna lick my sac for riches.
 Im sayin is u bitches would hookup wit tha headless horseman cuz u think he badass n shit but then u complain Rock out with your cock out Jam out with your clam out buy the girl stuff you twink ass bitch Chael P suplexin motherfuckers on their domes and shit bitches be like if you come over were not fucking but it happened she shaved bitch knew wassup I dont tell bitches I show bitches this isnt tea any How do bitches Peep everything but still getting cheated on something not addin Tell a girl to calm down shell act like you just kicked her in the pussy Whore slut cunt bitch nigga Fucking hate ignorant ass bitches Why give a bitch an inch when she rather have nine grab her booty in front of niggas that want her
is a pussy Bae go talk to your other hoes Me Panera with my bottom bitch Big dreams, cause that sm goal shit is for the birds.
Twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussysold pussy on backpage CEO tells Daily Show mentally retarded could work for 2 Youre worth what youre worth Shout out to the bitches who dont have to dress half naked to get a mans attention.
I aint going out like no bitch If I was a girl like that u would probably eat my pussy Jasper Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue and shit my nigga really tried to save his bitch lol Mothers Day is n 16 mins.
I swear, a yung nigga use to wanna be a heartbreak kid Shawn Micheals Razor Ramon both had bitches Some bitches need to get a life Im a t big booty bitch wtf lol Its 220 and me and Bruno still up in this bitch lol Then Im a loud outgoing bitch lol First I need some pussy tonight First off, fuck your bitch.
Speaking of 09, that years pussy was phenomenal.
Man robin thicke on black tv trying to get that pussy back Idc about y bitches yo im laughing so hard lay is the unloyalist of hos
Pussy this pussy that bitch you didnt feed me.
U bitches aint paying my bills.so FUCK YOU When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy.
shoutout to bitch you guessed it remix shit is he bein a bitch broke, no even though Obama is working on it, bitch, no I got something between so no Before I run from a niggah Ill lose the fight Mine too This ma niggah Bible You a hoe if you already got New Years Eve plans yeah bitches Idk why I love skinny girls they got good pussy lol oh godddddd , bitch is you really coming how late you gon be lls Ugly bitches definitely disguste me ewww yuck!
pussy I aint got no type.bad bitches is the only thing that I like Lifes a bitch, but thats the only love I know let my shirt go bitch its Aeropostale wtf is wrong with you When you deep in the pussy Cant believe I actually killed a cockroach.
smh you a bitch, that was probably ma nigga Eduardo y niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing, bitch i be getting bread too Girl I wanna rip my dick off and throw it at your pussy.
But then I eat a plussize models pussy in my helicopter.
Women would put up with very little love as long as the man have money.gross bitches be with broke abus Surprising how big of a pussy Hulk is.
Been my main nigguh since digital camera selfies Cant mean something to someone when they hittin up Otha bitches Can you get eye cancer from reading too many Michael Douglas pussyjuicethroatcancer jokes?
50 shades of shut your bitch ass up Meet me and my bitches I know bitches who sell pussy for 3.5s bitch do I entertain you?
Im playing 2k until further notice Pussy niggas dont get no pussy nigga When the neighborhood freak throw you some pussy and you dont catch it I watched my followers drop like flies when they started seeing shit that made them upset lol take salt bitch My momma talm bout these kids party than their parents TF duh, why would you think its ok for you to pussy pop at New York bitches be like LMFAOO fuckin skyler white is such a bitch Happy Monday bitches.
I dont need those though I need to pick mines back up Text someone That pussy was so good!
Bitch ur pussy smell like beef crank that shitty pussy yuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaa ur pussy smell like dumpster juice Aint got time for stupid bitches K Michelle pussy smell like shit bitch you gorgeous I got Twitter, Facebook, Instagram.
Dont eat pussy until she show you the Vagfax Fucking nosey ass bitch I swear lol Hope you got what you wanted bitch.
My stroke game stale so I gotta eat the pussy like a husky dike.
I be like you are one of my hoes I know cunt nugget her pussy stay wet when shes around me gotta lick it till she wetter then never before lohanthony is such a little bitch he doesnt even like the girls and he gets followed i dedicate my life to them and i ge a loyal girl really truly does come with a smart mouth and arguments.
only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she g SpiderMan was a bitch highkey tho Cumming in her pussy was love Yeah I checked my connection, I have fucking wifi.
I wasnt put on earth for a bitch not to like me I damn for sure dgaffff Bae If I win you dont get no pussy tonight
ew shes so ugly who is that hoe My pussy popz Severely Flavaaaaa in ya ear, that hoe live lol Ya lil dumb ass bitch ian fwy Ha ha real name is HaSean where y get these ghetto ass names from?
I going to get my camel to break your neck you son of a bitch Justin Bieber win Oscar for suck my balls you dead dog midget dick son of a bitch My I learn the English from that jabroni big bird but I break his fucking neck Wake up you dumb son of a bitch hello you are now official big time pussy Sarah burkes pussy b like then u have the annoying HIT ME I DARE YOU ass bitches always tryna test a big ass 6ft linebacker ass dude.
Clubs hoes stop by dads should n The WNBA superstars can suck pussy while on top of da world but when they stop playing da thousands r gone they sett This bitch wit a baby ask me to switch seats so the family could be together.
Twitter family, I promise to put my tour schedule up today as soon as I have this pussy hustlin girl I pay for service When gay girls suck pussy from a bitch who just took a plan B pill the other day that means the munching hoe ate plans You are who you kick it wit yall.
Preorder now The Game Beats 40 Glocc in LA Full via this bitch 40 cop cant be s Does SZA have freckles on her pussy too?
probably the one you wont spell out, you fucking hacks The price of pussy in Toronto has now declined to one Henessey bottle and a quarter pounder combo with large fries.
And Im like leave some pussy for the rest of us dude dumb bitch ruined a perfectly good sweater if ya bitch mad tell ha Ill put ha own Mary Jane my only bitch I hate when bitter bitches try to take away someones happiness.
They have something to prove to ppl you had me at eating pussy.
not my cup of tea , you hoes look foolish when the pussy so good u forget to pull out shut the fuck up dumb bitch i hate a i dont text first type bitch Squad up bitch nigga I fucked ur bitch after I got bingo Damn girl that pussy talkin Im keeled over nigga Ridin round blowin loud, fuck hoes by the crowd.
Lil Reeses verse on My Lil Niggas is a str8 hip hop classic These Thots keep saying niggas want is pussy.Well bitch wtf else does your broke, non cooking, ass have to off 1?
Let alone furniture Whered you get the beauty scar tough guy, eating pussy.
Fuck dat pussy nigga in the blue doe Prediction Obama will leave the Democratic Party in shambles oh gosh, I hope so payback really is a bitch Mean girls are just honest bitches.
Me pussy pussy pussy i smell ya frum bout a mile away I have 0 hoes lmfao Too many bitches is shady got dhem hoes !
niggas aint shit but hoes with dicks Shout out to you girls that wear those holy cross leggings but got a pussy thats full of sin raising asia.
that lil bitch could dance bruh lmfao hicks I love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem Ratchet hoes wear flip flops that curl up and turned black like souls of slaves walked in them yo girl pussy stank This tweet stinks There is no suck thing as a faithful bitch in Washin Nigga messed with the wrong bitch steals your bitch No, you stupid redneck, Animal Husbandry does NOT mean you can get hitched to your blue tick hound, Misty.
This bitch tried to give my dick a hickey Am I wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the interrogation roomhell noooopussy ass n I did use to buy 2 tees n wear both dem bitches at the same timelame ass lol Im steady hearin bout these suppose to be tuff street niccas gettin fuccd n dey ass smh gay boyssmh sad they aint een kno I was in that bitch When youre stressing over someone then realize you got hoes.
No matter how many times kids fuck me over I will never become I pussy.
7, 8 get that pussy ate you We know dumb bitches like this Multi till I die bitch believe that.
on the pH scale maybe cause you basic hoe Ugly bitch prolly so cockeyed she lookin at the dick and balls up close at the same time while suckin at the same time When you realize you got no hoes Smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music I bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit real shit And fell in love with pussy he never even got.
but now Im pussy?
Y Virgo bitches gotta chill thinking y Beyonc Wtf he peed on this bitch Ill cut his shit These hoes aint loyal I sent that bitch a smiley face, bitches love smiley faces If u aint never had a pregnancy scare your pussy trash ladies Fuck half the bitches at Mount Rainier i only fucks wit a few If you know he has a girlfriend dont be that little bitch, respect it and move on.
fuck a bitch and think of me just a bunch of rednecks hammered for three straight days Building a dresser really makes me crave an ice cold glass of pussy am I right dudes youre a fucking queer You need to at least not be a bitch 127 to date me I immediately become the biggest bitch when Im sick.
Like I just need to be taken care of lmao There no such thing as too much pussy.
 i ever asked for was patience, patience pussy but mostly patience.
god i hate tom coughlin ol ass fuckboy ass geriatric ass pussy ass bitch and pass that bitch if one of your followers sell pussy but hop on Twitter like they got the morals and class if you fucked a bitch that fucked EVERY nigga in your state to spam this bitch ass nigga Migos RT!
You pussy whipped for only following tho.
RT I wonder How much pussy justin bieber gets.
RTin your own shit now pussy what a joke youd end up just like the rest no show chicken shit mother fucker RT, If You Agree!
Raunchy ass to pussy action with Sakurako offering up her holes foruse Ray Rice bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Real niggas treat me with respect and youre a pussy, nigga.
Real shit I love eating pussy.
K Reina Yoshii in cock blowing threesome with her hairy pussy teasingcock Remember when I said Uchihas are faggots?
Dis nicca bangin Rihanna just slaying any bitch Rihanna must got the holy grail of pussy Rihannas Favorite Thing About White House Visits My President Being Black Poking whiteynot wise.
Roman on GTA IV is a pussy.
Ronny kamm is a pussy Rosco would get jealous though.
Rt stop being a hoe sheesh I want 3 boys Rt When I see you walk up I think hoe Rt for a Hdm everybody block bitches too Rule number one never pursue a bitch from da ova side Rule number two dont trust nobody especially a bitch with a hookers body Ruley a bitch ry Run in ya spot, smash ya hoe fuck on ya couch Run it in her pussy like a crash dummy.
If you have wet pussy, you shouldnt have a dry purse SOO guys those tweets are bullshit.
Saw this bad bitch today Saw this little freshman ho with what looked like spiked dog collar stupidest shit ever so everytime I saw her I said so sexy lmao Saw three GROWN men on a motorcycle that bitch was barely moving lmao what the hell Say Im wrong but I can treat that pussy right Say it again Alotta you bitches standards are niggas thats outta y league Say it to me when I confront you pussy fuck Say its about the hoes when its about ou, even when Im with my hoes, I tell em about you Say my fuccn name hoe!
Say my fucking name hoe Say what ya want but if Im single and I have the opportunity to have a dick in my ass AND pussy at the same time, Ima take it.
Say you love that bitch so much Ill kill yo ass in front of her Say you love that bitch so much Ill kill you right in front of her Saya Natsukawa gets her pussy fucked and licked by two hornyJapaneses.
Its 3 of em on stage I wonder how many in the audience Scrappy mom run his bitches away Screaming like a lil bitch Screaming money over hoes nigga you aint fuck shit Sean Kingston look like a Facebook dyke Search the terms Obama and Twinkie and get a bunch of people rehashing the same handful of jokes while having no idea why Hostess failed Seaside smell like stank ass pussy bruh Seattle Mayoral Election this year.
Seeing so many basic bitches rn Seeing ugly bitches get pregnant lets me know that nigga swill fuck anything with a pussy.
Send me an emojii and Ill tweet why your a pussy Send that bitch a smiley face.
Nigga has never done anything for you whatsoever yet you still give him the pussy.smh Sex with whoever I want whenever I want?
My girl give me good pussy the time.
Sexy Japanese slut fingers and toys her pussy on the steps squirting her juice allover Sexy ass yellow bone Sexy bitch lame nigguh Sgp still in bitches dms Sht!!!!
If K Michelle was apart of Balti twitter shed be one of them hoes saying shes celibate smh Shantrell tryna fight bitches in da clinic n shut She wanna wait til uh bitch sick to try to bump Shara fuck you in Ya pussy.
Sharkeisha isnt dead youre retarded lop Shaved pussy ho gets serious anal sexhere!
She be thinking she throwing that pussy back so good and she doing is throwing ya nut process off She been a hoe summer but soon as the f weather hit shell probably forget about that and be a good girl again.
She come to visit and the pussy too good, she gotta move to the city within 3 months after y first fuck or it aint gon work.
She dont get emojis until after I bag, emojis are pussy shit She dont wanna fuck me she wanna fuck my wrist.
She fuckin wit a young niggah She get a bunch of money, spend it on drugs, mobbin with her bitches, never f in love She give away that pussy like loose change She gon look over these bitches like terms and conditions.
She gonna pop that pussy for a real niggaa She got arrested for domestic violence against him!!
She got every niggah lookin like dam She got me like fuck that bitch She in the m she balling bitch buy something for me She is not a whore she a ho She just wanna run around the city and make memories that she can barely remember and Id allow her, talk about pussy power.
She just want her pussy ate, she aint gon text u back afterwards who wants to hang out She kept whispering in my ear jasmin, you are so damn fine.I said bitch, jasmin is over there She know my ex bitch she think she got next she fucced a gang of niggas threw that pussy off dec !
Well sorry Mrs.LadyBitch I dont like the fact that youre a hoe She said to bring a bitch of mine done She say her pussy hairy.
I wana see She say she can do that same thing as 5 bitches , She say she want a nigga like me But that bitch mad cause she cant be my wifey She say that she was married well so is me she say her pussy hairy I wanna see She says i act different, she thinks that its them bad bitches, Naw babe its just you and the thought of you being my misses.
Cause pussys only pussy and I get it when I need it.
She think she bad but my bitch meaner She threw that pussy in a circle, I wanted her to throw it in a pentagon tho She told me that she love me I looked at and said bitch stop She told me trust no bitches and watch yo homies She tried to get you to rob the Wop but now the bitch in critical She used to fuck wit AAP, Too Shortsaid he know that bitch from way back She wanna talk shit.
Hippo is such a pussy magnet Gawd Shes a dumb bitch.
Shoot you and your shorty bitch Shot out to my main bitches and my side bitches Should I expect good pussy or good but not good for you pussy from a Tampico drinker?
Should I tell this hoe who she look like cdfuuu Shoulda put retard mikey on AHS freakshow Shouldnt be liVing stank pussy should never be ate Shout out to babes !
Maybe its a Canadian bitch thing Shut the fuck up and quit being such a pussy hahahah Shut the fuck up you fucking cunt!
Changed a lot in the past few years tbh Since a lot of you lil bitches wanted to add the 5h hashtag into my tweets Ill do that shit back Since a youngin bitch we been them niggas Since bitches love callin me by my ex girlfriends names so much ima start callin them the names of niggas they fucked Since cats lick themselves the time, they should be great at eattin pussy Since my girl like to argue I sent that bitch to law school Since niggaz is throwing subs on this but that same nigga lame nigga bitches was getting fucked by other Since you gave me the pussy that ass getting fatter Since you hoes wanna be childish Single colored man looking fo a single white woman.
Siri is terrible Sis said go to sleep I said bitch its our b day I aint sleeping Sit on my face, M U A H, before i eat da pussy, i say my grace Sit the fuck down bitch STFU Y act like it doesnt get cold in Denver.
Skinny girls be having that gotta go a couple rounds pussy Skippin spanish class the rest of this week fuck dat bitch Skylar needs to go back to Clarenceville.
Slap a hoe with a rusty axe ash my blunts on her ass Slap my hoes with a rake fake make great cake Slap the bitch is fun.didnt know beer wasnt that bad Slaw ass team time to start dat bitch ova Slide in that hoe DMs like Slide in the pussy like a surfboard Slide in your bitch Dms like Slim Hines lil bruda ainn bout it bitch how yu figure Slim niggah but you know i love em thick Sloppy ignorance in my pockets Come here lil bitch I want sloppy toppy Sloppy ignorance in my pockets come her lil bitch I want sloppy toppy Slowbros over hoes Slut I aint playin go find a white crayon and color a fuckin zebra.
Riding round town wit a bitch so bad but she dont mean nothing Smoking Brooklyn got me high as giraffe pussy Smurf a real cat bitch Snakes slithered in they coil These hoes aint loyal Snapchat me bitches jaceyjanette Sneaky hoes Snoop with the hoes So I already dont fuck with dude, but I be nice.
So I keep cool but in the back of my mind Im like did des hoes just come on my mf porch like ik dem So I made hey as a short cut for pussy lips in Anns phone So I seen this sweater , its flashy.
Haha fucking no heart ass pussy organization So ghetto.
So some pussy dont cream when they cum?
Smh I just hope I dont have a daughter please god So you still dont suck dick or eat pussy in 2014?
I wish some pussy tho What does your beard smell like?
Sock the pussy like Im vegeta SoetoroObama is moving the country w his vision.
Sombody bring me some pussy Some dont cross me bitches Some Army females just bitch about everything.
Some c it trickn i c it hangn out ima handle my business n knock dat pussy out Some croquettes for you hoes Some girls think being a bitch and having an attitude is attractive.
Some of these niqqa a straight pussy whipped Some of these sex gifs are fucking retarded Some of y females undercover hoes Some of y gorgeous women aint so gorgeous when we realize you got a ugly bitch attitude.
Somebody tell these nigggas Ima keep fuckin they hoes, Ima keep rockin these shows Somebody tell these pussy niggas I got em Somebody tell these pussy niggas I got em I got em Somebody toss this bitch a Dasani or something, gurl is Someone bitch slap me into the lake if you see me on FB tomorrow.
Soon as da money gon dem bitches leavin.You get locked up she aint gon visit ya neither Sooooooo true but Im the pussy monsta Sorry about the spam but I dare you to search nigger on Twitter and not laugh.
I realized that my collection of hoes has severely decreased Squidward in the face ass bitch Stafford you pussy Starks being a faggot Start punching hoes in they esophagus and shit.
Still really confused re i think lucricus Is a fag dagger Still waiting for oomf to hit that hoe lololol Still wit the Same bitches to the death of me Stolen from cream2fly3xl lol but really guys Im giving classes on keeping that bitch whos registering Stomach is hurting, Im starving for some early morning pussy.
Come again never you fucking bitch Strong jaw ass bitch Strong pussy Y think Ciara got good pussy?
Summer time bitch, always wild Sumn wrong wit da pussy, een tho I aint gonn hit it Ima still make sure dat she gushy Sup bitches Super handsome guys can literally be broke af with no career and some horny bitch will support him into bankruptcy lol Superman your ho, eyyyy Sure I got a nice car, a 60 inch tv, stainless steel appliances in my apartment and a few thousand twitter followers but I aint got no hoes Sure wish my nose would stop dripping.this sick shit is for the birds Surprise bitch Suzan are you really going to make me get off this sofa to find some damn silverware, by golly you old bitch.
Swag bitch Swag fags who gags lml nd y Niggaz wanna ce swagged up foh Im Gxxd Ill stay gd up Swag killed the bitch like Columbine Swear to god man niggas talk than bitches these days Sweet MiLF in white lingerie has her hose ripped and her pussypounded Sweet and innocent schoolgirl Minami Asakas pussyeaten Sweet innocent teen clothes ripped and pussy fingeredhard Sweetheart to a lady but Im hard on a hoe!
Take that and shove it up your ass, Take yo bitch on a dinner date then I paint her face Take yo hoe ass to sleep Taking pics Im the school bathroom is fucking stupid Talk about me behind my back I hate that pussy shit.
Talk about pussy power Talk alot of shit, but if I want ill put u on the spot so dont test me bitch!
Tell me that that pussy is mineeeee Tell that hating ass niggah to shut the fuck up Tell them hoes Im friended out Tell them hoes come here , cause it look like they forgot bout me , but the fact that they aint seen me , that should say alot bout me Tell them lie speakin lips they should try pleadin 5ths, often bitch and refer to me as your awesomeness.
Now I look like a pussy.
That bad bitches get left because of wack pussy kinda overrated cause the sex can get better if everything about her is cool That beach from Greece is so beautiful why do i live in bitch ass Virginia while people get to live around such beauty year round That bit Donovan got DVDs droppin and i see ya lha bitch That bitch Amanda ran away from me That bitch a tha tha That bitch better be happy about that 20 tip.
That bitch crazzzy pussy, !!!
That bitch is lyinggggg That bitch just walked off like Wtf That bitch mouth made the honor roll That bitch on qualitest , she dont act right That bitch said her pussy pops severely thoe That bitch told me to control myself, I told her to go find yourself That bitch want my numba, she gotta.fuck my bruda That bitch was worried about fines?
That boy has always been a pussy never been a threat!
That pussy best be shaved for the holidays!
That pussy came gift wrapped That pussy cant be that hairy shit gotta stink lol That pussy crying for help That pussy fat whatchu feeding it?
That pussy sooo good That shacking up shit for the birds, yo That shade of faggot clashes with your eye color.
like yo mommas pussy deep.
Thats a deal breaker, yo pussy shouldnt smell like my sweaty hooping shorts Thats a legal tackle faggot Seriously?
Thats how I know the pussy is ready for me white people gay.
Thats how you know who be lying about getting in the pussy.talking about tasting like water and fruit and shit.tf is that?
Thats not catfish stinking up my TL its sore pussy, my bad.
Thats real pinchbach I told them niggas watch how everybody that wasnt on the bandwagon jump on the bitch when they get to Austin Thats still my pussy Thats the kind of bitch I hate fucking with Thats what I tell my hoes when they aint throwing the neck Aint nobody got time for that Thats why I dont stunt these hoes on Instagram.
Thats fucked up give him some pussy Woke up with sex on my mind, I should just play with cont Thats my bitch when i feel like it.
The Karate Kid is such a pussy The Monday has been a bitch The Redskins trash as fuck for not getting that The South is full of white trash.
The TL talkin about eatin pussy and u watchin soccer?
The day my ex told me she was sober when she cheated on me is the same day I eliminated colored skinny jeans from my wardrobe The dean a hoe how she fucked home and his bro The easiest way to have sex with a chick is to smell good, make her laugh, take her to get food and then fuck her right in the pussy The emoji I use when Im flirting wit bitches The fourth hokage was a little bitch!!
The girl skipping school aint nothing but 16 yo and just made me say in my head bitch u supposed to be in school had to catch myself The gospel Better wake up and realize that the good Lord aint stop creating pussy when he built yours shawty.
The last time your pussy was salmon pink was.
The lies on this here Twitter You niggas wouldnt know grade a pussy even if it slapped you cross the face !
The pilgrims was high as fuck, like Lets kill a big ass bird and eat it with a billion other things The pilot seen my eyes and said they awfully red I told him I get high as you bitch Im the man The power of Christ compels you to pop that pussy.
The pussy get ripe in her 30s Them pretty bitches love me them bitches love me Them pretty nail bitches, them bail you outta jail bitches.
Theres a lot of big booty bitches at pharr gym Theres apparently a wee cunt whos a year younger than me called Sean brown being cheeky about me lol Theres dudes on twitter who have no respect for their dick.You know,the mirror selfie niggaz,the nude droppers,dick avis,pussy eating avis?
Too drained to look for other mouth and pussy Theres other bad bitches Theres a girl in your avi, you must get so many bitches Theres one dude i can not stand at my school because he stays on the freshman girls and girls from other schools cause none fw him.
Like thats not funny nor cute to pussy hop over the place These kids man real life kids not even over 18 n bucking bitch sit yo stupid ass down These la bitches thirsty for a hit single These lame bitches dont have a fighting chance.!
You put nair on your pussy for the gram?
Ok These niccas sangin on dey partnas witout a Grammy award These niccas want war give me what you got These niggas aint shit but hoes with tricks These niggas be actin like bitches These niggas cars be 800 and they have the nerve to put some 2500 rims and some speakers in the bitch These niggas designing these bitches, they got zippers on hoes These niggas groupies they act worse than these hoes do These niggas pillow talkin thats hoe shit These niggas pure pussy I see it in they faces These niggas rather love these hoes then get money smh what the fuck wrong with these niggas These niggas retarded.
Lol They bitches I will penetrate you introduced me to your bitch They c me chief weak bitch They do the pussy good They fail to realize Ion want Friends bitches switch up quiccer than I change the channel They get attitudes like bitches too , i think some of y niggas need a bra and panties They got some trashy ass hoes out here They gotta keep the name Raiders tho they better not change it to some hillbilly ass Texas name They had a steak category.
They hardly get sex.so when the opportunity of sick presents itself, their giving you some pussy.and boy are they generous They hating on you, because they know you bad, must be doing something right , if you got these bitches mad.!
They slut for me they kill for me they steal for me and of course itll be yo cash and Ill murder that bitch send the body back to yo ass They some bitch ass niggas They thought I wouldnt make it pussy nigga we made it They told me to fuc wit bitches but never trust em They told me they my niggas but I never trust em They trynna hoe Geno TD throw They updated Wukongs new splash so it doesnt look so fucking retarded They wouldnt let me use my old picture cause my hair was flawless.
Thinking about trying to get pussy like.
She probably aint even seen Drake This nigga jerry room smell like bad pussy!
This nigga showed me that sad ass dog my girl pit would look at that hoe and say nigga gone This nigga solving rubik cubes doing magic tricks he still aint getting no pussy This nigga think he gone play me shoot dice let yo hoe fade me This nigga to my left ugly then a bitch This niggah is a fool This niggah aaron had me weak last night!
This niggga said I be branding bitches This nigglet This nigguh got somebody contact as Ebola lol This nigguh really tried to fight me on the bus over a grape kool aid jammer This office is used to pound somepussy This old bitch with floppy tits riding on the elevator with me is nerping so bad This one for dem hipster bitches that at value village This pussy dryer than yours.
come on show some respect This tastes like wolf pussy This that bitch nigga shit they invented it I just created the term This time a night dark skin niggas really turn into lightskin niggas I swear I seen a darkie try buying Starbucks 3mins ago but they closed This was my Chit shake that monkey beeotch This weeks RFN segment is in the can.
My motor hot and these hoes fast Titties nd pussy Tl blew up hoes on waka dick.
Had to ditch my old bitch, gettin sloppy wit the pots Too little too late bitch ass nigga Too many bad bitches last night Too many bitches got rabies And I hate a ho hoppin woman pussypoppin woman Too many chicks trying be wavey bitches be yourself Too many pretty bitches got the sore throat voice.Mostly red bones.
Bitch I wont Truth Only a faggot would turn down hairy pussy Truth be told.thats my pussy Truth is ate yellow snow as a child.
Truuuuuuuuuuu facts both then niggaz is pussy nd Ill tag em both nd cassidy rp by my nigga let Try to take Othot drugs bitch Im 30d up Tryna be sumbody cinnamon apple Now I cant trust any bitch wit pussy that taste like cinnamon apple Tryna determine if she a bad bitch, but then twitter saves her Tryna save a hoe that dont wanna be saved nope nope nope not me Tupac could fuck any bitch in the world in 1996 and niggas on here crying about a pic he took FOR BITCHES Turk a hoe yall.
Two horny guys play with a sexy AV models trimmed pussy before they fuckher Two horny guys take turns beating the shit out of a tight teen pinkpussy Two years strong with this honkie Tyga and Drake two light skin bitches but if had to choose in a fight I would go with the guy from Compton over the one from Toronto Tyga is a hoe!!!
U know that pussy good when it sound like u mixing spaghetti when u hit it lol U know this bitch hard U look like a dyke in ur pic lol U niggas dnt like me I bet I can fck yo bitch tho , U of A hoes w the booties hangin out U on the hit list to bitch kill yo self U oversteppin u boundires as a sideline hoe U see a super bad bitch in the club with a nigga that u just cant understand how he got her 99 chance he meet her at U still fuck with your old bitch?
Ungrateful shit lol Is sending for me in a Uber the new way of tryna pay for pussy ?
Unk just said bitches hit the bottle and they pussy start snappin lmao Unlike some of y boring ass bitches lol Unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes.
Vandalize that pussy.Its on.
Little bitch Vine is filled with pussy lol smh W bitch WATCH WE SALUTE THE VETS Tuesday Jihadi Bitch Slaying MK48, M203s Fired At Taliban Cockroaches During Firefight WATCHMilitary Monday Jihadi Bitches Slaying BADASS A10 Silences Taliban During Intense Night Time Firefight WATCHMilitary Monday Jihadi Bitches Slaying BADASS A10 Silences Taliban During Intense Night Time Firefight.
You a faggot if you wear a seat beat Wait a min Or her pussy That Rihanna cologne for men probably smell like curry goat and nail clippings.
Y ever put ur finger in the lil hole in the back of the pussy?
Waiting on these bitches Waiting on this wetback sycksyllables Waka bitch bad fr Wake up American sheeple nd stop allowing these pussy azz politicians who never bust a gun in they Wake up bitches Wake up you stoopid dyke Walk in the party boot up yo hoe Walk out that bitch like Just murdered that test!
Imma bitch Wanted to eat her pussy from the back but shes sleep.smh Warriors aint winning shit if Curry keep playin like a bitch Was in kimb gym today boy if they had the carter kimb it that hoe it wouldve been stupid Wash up hoe Washing my coon hair Wassup wit these fucc niccas Watch how i stop talking the bitch still tweets Watch ima hit that hoe later on this summer, finna be the bestmost livestock party of 2014!!!
Well, jhud is giving me bae just got home from work and Ima throw the pussy at him Well,is he gonna take da bitch or naw?
What a dumb bitch What a fag What a fucking faggot What a fucking retard What a hoe lol What a pussy so you can subtweet about me, then unfollow, but cant even reply and try to understand my point?
Nope Eat this pussy while im on my cycle c it Cherry Pie What mad cunt created masturbating?
dumb ass bitches who talk shit but wont walk a mil in you own shoes What now bitch Ive got youre girlfriend What ppl expect, august aslina is a nig from New Orleans What restaurant drugs tests hahahaha thats fuckin trash What state got the best pussy?
What the hell are we doing with pussy rules that soldiers dont carry weapons 247 on base?
When I be seein y runnin back and forf to woyke and shit I be thankin Jesus I is colored When I be that pussy, I be calling you my Bitch.
When I was in 6th grade it was a lil bitch at my school in 5th and she was pregnant like wtf I barely new what pussy looked like that young When I was in HS we had a dance team and then we had the steppers them hoes was ghetto as shit but they kept the pep rally hyped When Im a relationship Im erasing twitter cuz its to many bitches that are accessible.
When Lil Wayne said why give a bitch your heart when shed rather have a purse When Stoni isnt doing his faggot gook speak hes actually funny When a bitch I dont like laugh at my joke When a bitch in ya mans face in public When a chicks head is weak I just close my eyes and imagine me giving a bad bitch like Zoe Saldana back shots so I can get my nut off When a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch cant cook nothin for you these hoes aint hungry When a girl asks me if I eat pussy.
im a nasty cunt whilst drunk When a hoe go back to her roots When a hoe tryna get at you while ya girl is looking When a niggah think he gon come inbetween me and my bestf Ill fuck you and her up When a pussy nigga socks you and doesnt knock you out.
When guys are sentimental than most girls like man up pussy When guys throw stupid bitch fits its like whyyyyy?
When her pussy doesnt taste like pineapples When her pussy stank When yo girl says shes gonna let you hit tonight When hoes be sayin they sexually frustrated or need some dick When hoes think I got sucker nigga written across my forehead.
When my friends are roastin my other friends and idk who to roast Im just like wait who are your true nigsalways da clan When my right hand get out niggas gon remember why we tru loyal pussy When my teacher says basic algebra I think of basic bitches When niggabitch lose in a fight they favorite line is heshe only When niggas gimme their mixtape and its trash When niggas say they like Latinas they dont mean you fat bitches that smell like fajitas When niggas wanna cheat they start an argument with their girl.
When the day goes bad just tell yourself were the pussy at!
When the ghost picks u up after u dive in the pussy When the pussy stank When the teachers aid trys acting like shes the teacher.
Its not cute When you aint had pussy in a hot minute.
Den ya in da pussy When you have everything they want youre doing everything they cant, bitches are going to talk shit.
Not these self righteous I deserve the world without working for it Cuz I got a pussy bitches.
Lord save these parched hoes Whos baby is dat whos da man dat did dat 2 u Gators bitches best be using jimmys Whos got the baddest pussy on the planet Whos ready for nigger spam?
You are stressed Whos pussy is it she said richies Why 2 dudes would wanna fuck the same bitch at the same time is far beyond me.
Cuz im not a pussy and i like being scared shitless Why do bitches come to school wearing stripper heels to school makes no sense!!
What a pussy!
Why you let these hoes tear what we had apart you shud be beware beware Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart Why you shouldnt eat pussy unless you love her Why you stressin bout a bitch.
Cuz that other hoe aint worried bout another hoe Wifey had the hoes back then Will entertaining the hoes smh Will you sell that pussy for me ?
Im about to fuck her right in the pussy Winn Dixie is for real niggaz publix is for pussies Winter time walking is no hoe !!!
With a pussy mullet With my best bitches With my partner in crime riri22barbie yesss bitch stole my look!
Lol Word And pussy And snacks Ladies, keep beer cont Word to Ray Rice if I marry you aint gone be no divorces bitch.
Y saying you wouldnt eat her pussy?
Not a thang, not a not a thang hoe Y pussy ass niqqa need to make some moves get up there Y really risk ur lives weaving in out of traffic traveling thru two counties for some pussy?
Y trying to use The Lord to sell pussy on this corner.
Ya bitch choosin Ya bitch got my dirty pistol in her crib uoeno it Ya bitch pussy good I aint heard it.
Ya lit stupid ass bitch I aint fuccin witchuuuu Ya need a real nigga shawty, so come throw that pussy shawty.
Yeaaa bitch I be with dog like shaggy yea we stay clean but we get dirty like Harry Yeah Chris Brown definitely the realest waffle cone colored nigga of time for that no bullshit song b thats exactly how I be feelin Yeah I can just tell by the weather that I wont be gettin any pussy today Yeah I have acne but I still pull hotter bitches than you Yeah I tried and you bein blind and shit.
Yeah the NFL trash as fuck for this London shit Yeah you bad but hoe so what Yeah you bitch Yeah your eyebrows on point, but is ya pussy clean?
Fellas u ever had some pussy so good YOU send a so what are we?
Saw a lot of people i havent seen in a while and got high as giraffe pussy Yet you wont tag What a pussy.
Yo bitch choosin just let her Yo bitch choosin just letr Yo bitch choosin just let her Yo bitch choosinh just LetR Yo bitch gaggin she jet laggin Yo bitch go wild miles on her pussy then my car do Yo bitch know wat im talkin bout Yo bitch like to get cute and go the movies mane my bitch like to get fine and go to the gun range Yo bitch on my dick she come to my crib she get passed around no love Yo bitch she boof she got that throwbac pussy !
Yo own homegirls sayin you a bum bitch Yo pussy aint shit unless you had some in it Yo pussy aint shit unless you had some jake from state farm in it Yo pussy been through it for the 9 scrapehouse visits.
Yo pussy overrated Yo that nigga at was lying had y bitches calling him ya MCM and how do u feel.ok back to you Bob Yo that teacher in Balti wasnt bullshitin with that bitch lmao Yo this niggah catch every tweet lls oh my goodness Yo.
this bitch in Macys tried to run out the store with a gaggle of clothes and got caught Yoga has been around for ages and these bitches just now figuring it out Yoh brownie had me fukd up high last night Yost on Portsmouth this is the biggest white trash county in the nation You WE SEE YOU Shout it out to the RADICAL , You a basic ass bitch You a bitch You a dike cause yo man a pussy.
You a lame ass nigga still cuffin these hoes my bitch got a bitch with er You a pussy dawg You a pussy hoe until you give me pussy hoe You a real life faggot if you ever fight another man because he fucked your girl.
You bitches got me the way fucked up idc how many pineapples y eat your pussy still gon taste the same so give that shit up please You bitches make me sick You bitches that entertain the attention you get from these niggas are the worst kind of hoes there is You bitches wearing leggings everyday are sick.
You cant put the pussy on a pedestal You cant spell Patrick without trick so trick or treat bitch You cant treat these hoes like ladies You cant trust no chick that got a pet cat b those bitches be mad sneaky You cant tell these bitches nothing.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha what a pussy!
You estupid bitch I dont like you how hard is it to understand You ever dream about fucking a chick, fuck her in real life then the pussy was better in the dream?
You ever had a piece of pussy man, that be on your mind like money?
I put that pussy in a sarcophagus You ever randomly woke up and ya bitch standing over you, just staring.
You girls got no job, no college set up to have a better future, then get mad when a nigga leave you cause you got is pussy You girls needa stop with the edits.
Ill shoot your fucking pussy hoe You got 15k followers n the same bed sheets from last month.
You got that pussy nigga disease aint no curing ya You got to be a bad bitch for me trip You got wild bitches tellin you liessss You gotta block dumb hoes You guys are faggots.
You know the head good when it feel like she has a pussy stuffed down her throat You know these hoes is no good when the singers stop making love songs You know these hoes wishy washy You know these hoes wishy washy !
Cuz youre a fucking pussy You must be retarded Quote with a thirst trap You need a muzzle for your horse face bitch.
You nigga eating these hoes pussy but they aint worth it You niggas puttin bitches you havent even fucked yet on a pedestal.
You niggas talking to these females trying to get some pussy but dont realize youre only boosting their ego and getting curved.
You poor soul Cuz fat bitches the only thing that I like You pussy if you lie for pussy You pussy nigga, I see ya whiskers You ratchet ass bitches gonna have nobody to blame but yourself when you get an std You really cant be too nice to bitches thats the easiest way to get cheated on You right fam.
You say it like theyre a new toy, theyre children you dumb bitch Mixed Babies,I want one You say no to ratchet pussy but juicyj cant!
Bands will make her dance You say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant.
You scared I aint scared to beat the pussy up You scum bro When tha pussy was trash but she still txt yu.
You should probably go clean your nasty pussy and not worry about wtf Im doing.
You think she classy niggah but she really ratchet You think youre pussy is wet?
You want me on the couch playing games where you can see me or out with my friends with other pussy in reach, bae?
Youre a faggot if you use the cover your face emoji Youre a hoe ass faggot bitch cunt nigga Youre a pussy shut up Youre a stupid fucking bitch Youre a stupid hoe Youre faggot fuckheads.
Youre no way near about that life bitch lmao Youre not a very good listener twitpic a selfie with a bad bitch Youre pussy ass set dont mean shit to me.
Youre such a pussy Youre ugly anyway hoe.
Your ex wifes tastes like sweet butter Your eyebrows on fleek, but ya pussy on stink Your girl pussy like a walk in clinic, the cure for every sick nigga Your girls pussy smells like sour cream and onions Your leader rocks a fucking mo hawk and dances like a faggot from ATL Your name follows the word cunt in the dictionary sooo whats that tell you?
Your pussy hella tight.
Took me an hour to slide in that mothafucka Quote and Ill compliment you Your pussy hole must be sm the adjustment phase?
Yuu Hinouchi gets fucked by two guys until she gets her pussycreamed Zach Huggins tell yo bitch to leave me tf alone Zelda bitches lol Zhou Mi was just layin on his bed and SM just busted into his room and was like You gettin a song bitch Zimmerman we comin for yo life bitch.
about to drunkenly get a free 3D printed bracelet that says fake ho actin awfully slutty for a bitch in a winnie the pooh sweater add me on snapchat bitches erinblair addicted to pussy poppin ah nigga dat cares about opinions and get involve in hoe shit either Gay broke or aint getting enough pussy!!
ahah fucking queer kill urself ahaha pussy is king aint Kj Mellos.
 the bitches love me the money n the pussy I want, I need that there them model hoes follow a nigga.blow up.an then hit the infamous imma only follow 25 people wave.
hoe really came banging on our door 2am although last night my lady told me the key to happiness was new pussy always my hoes skinny who are losing money due to therapy bills always okay to bring your ho to the barbershop though, they usually cool af am i the inly one seeing Austin Rivers out play bitch ass tonite?
Fuck outta my face with that trash ask for my number he a lame Im like cuh, mobbin with my bitches turn down for what aw shit, Fenkell in this bitch a Alex Smith broke his pussy aye bitch try this aye jalen can I borrow 50 dollars??
Well can I borrow some pussy?
boats n hoes bobby bitch, make that body flip, you know i dont know karate bitch bout to beat this case like a pussy nigga bout to get some twitter bitches, my twitter fame raising dawg brb, skipping out of a bb game with Obama to whoop s hoe ass.
darf retarded lol dat mean u ugly hoe if only getting fuck doggie style hot nigga dats why u cant pass up on bitches cuz dey ah make it seems like u sweating dem.Man U knw dat man couldve fuck u deadass wanted the sauce till shit got real then niggas wanna back up ooh iight then smh pussy deal with you bitches when I feel like it dealing with your bitch ass is so annoying deans crying because she needs to pee peter keeps saying nigger dear michele bachman.
like retarded af emers a bitch errybody in dis bitch getting tips whispers errybody in dis bitch getting tipsy especially since Rick and Andrea are banging each other in the comics but the bitch died already even tho i killed a pussy nigga i hope he go to heaven Young Thug even though my baby is an invisible non existent bitch every lady aint no hoe but every lady sure aint no queen every time I ask for something the waitress touches my knee till Im done asking.
That mean she tryna give a nigga some pussy dont it.
every time i try to quit smoking, some dumb bitch always gotta be fucking annoying and try my patience lmfao every time this bitch makes a status about guys she texts me like whatttt loll everybody fuckin everybody bitch everybody wit the shits, thats lifee everybody gettin sick I feel like supa man in dis bitch everybody stay yelling its pregant season nooooooooo bitch its my nigga dont wanna were a rubber pussy to good season tf everybody talking bout hoes fighting Im lurking on some money everybodys favorite phrase to try and end an argument You do you and I do me lmao faggots everyone report for being a huge faggot everyone thinks of you as a hoe so idk why youre trying to talk eww I hate how bitches dress sometimes faggot faggot time HE CIRCLED THE BLOCK FOR 3 HOURS faggots fags god damn fat bitches fat bitches heeeey fat dykes make me want to vomit fat white bitch an a skinny po black nigga.yeah im in Metairie fa sho.
GET A REAL FUCKING JOB gonna get a tattoo of a teardrop on my dick cause i murdered that pussy gonna have them pussies mix up some concrete today.
got like 4 hoes in my low pro got my bitch in her whip coming to pick me up got these bad bitches waiting on me got to the club early just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up got your hoe on the scroll gotta 9 for the bitches outta line gotta clear ya throat of that pussy eh.
grew up in this shit stuck wit da shit, u too pussy to fuck wit dis shit but im in love wit dis shit guy complains to me are oversensitive.
my response and look at you complaining like little pussy.
U of C study thinks so happy halloween bitches harm this pussy instead missing 26yrold USC medical student last seen Tuesday May harm himself has anyone noticed that aliens have flaws too, some of those retards have crash landed on earth?
no he just fuck with busted basic bitches lol he said its a black bitch he was actually crying bitch heard ya got a man hoe hope he understand tho hell would freeze over before I ever let any bitch kick me in the fuckin face hell yeah Im being a pussy cat today.
her ass mann bro i can sit on her shit l she walk by like i wasnt gone grab it bitch bye her fuckin jaw unhinged she is eating this bitch whole fuCK THIS SHIT her pussy like me, her heart like fuck it.
Pass the bacon bitch cheeks gone be cold than a bitch Arial Rose Athletic Asian babe plays with her pussy afterexercising Avery Adorable and petite red haired teen plays with her shavedpussy Cassie Laine Brunette slips off her lingerie and massages her wet pussy withoil Crystal Star Leggy and playful babe Crystal Star spreads her pussy foryou Evilyn Fierce Naughty girl next door pummels her pussy with a purpletoy Ioana Tiny teen Ioana fucks her tender pussy with avibrator Kleopatra Ivory skinned Nubile Kleopatra fingers her shavedpussy Lilith Lee Hot blonde teen fucks her tender pussy with adildo Lola Foxx Nubile coed shows off her pink pussy while she fondlesherself Lola Foxx Steaming hot Nubile Lola Foxx shoves her dildo deep into her wetpussy Leo get the fuck off of vine you fag hungrier then a ho hurt ass how ah whole nigga hate on a bitch ????
i like chillin with yo bitch I like fuckin her i listened to dedication 4 about three times exactly, any than that gon make you a pussy eater i love bad bitches thats my fucking problem i love how when it was airing everyone loved kill la kill but i was like no its fucking trash and now everyone who loved it hates it i might need to get some hoes i need one of these around the world twitter bitches cause these local facebook hoes aint cuttin it lol i need some claritin clear in this bitch i need to go to the mexican flea market and grab some fake gucci sandals so i can stunt on you hoes i never knew a mother so heartless and such a bitch, if it were my mother she would have been popped on foh i pop dontae already i got bitch for dah Big 30 yaknow i ran out This hoe just texted me asking to borrow a roll of tissue until tomorrow i really hate when hungry bitches put dick between friends.
im also looking to hire full time bitches im sorry but if you dont eat seafood solely by the fact that its from the ocean, you are seriously an unrespectable pussy.
if anyone reviews a 5 game loan player you are a cunt shouldnt be doing 5 game reviews especially at the start of FIFA if bitches wanna nigga, get off the couch and go fine one if dey go to linch together, she gon eat that pussy befo they come back.
I be rolling at this shit tho if u gon be wit ur bae even if he or she cheat just shut the fuck up and take the dick or pussy.
if you can fuck my bitch, cause nigga im the shit Ill salute ya if you delete tweets over one hour after you tweet them, you are a gigantic pussy if you have that lil pussy stomach pouch thingy, dont wear no tight clothes.
if your trying out for Noncontact hockey dont c anyone else a pussy if youre not cheering for mexico youre a little bitch iggy wanna be black so bad.
I dont want to look like a pussy carrying an umbrella around but I also dont want to risk my perm getting wet.
lil bitch lil bitch thats down to make your bond aint got to tell her lil stupid ass bitch little stupid ass bitch, I aint fuckin wit chuuu lmao Im weakkk My pussy popz Severely LMFAOOOOOOOO lmao Lmaooo Im not a hoe Im a people person lmao Tu Madre nacho doritos trash lmao Im 25 years old, Im tryna have some fun!
man I gotta hang out with snoop lion aka nemo hoes man kills mother of 2 after she reveals shes hiv positive after having sex.that bitch deserved it maryjanemilitantque you got that bomb azz pussy lol maybe bitches will stop talking about this dude omari one day me and peter have always been slaying these hoes me loving a hoe is ah No No me complains about suburban white girls suburban white girl youre a bitch me ok u literally just proved my point mickeyblowsyourmind who wants to be a skype group with a bunch of offensive new york city queer folk Me!.
my bitch stay my bitch so dont look she keep that pussy tucked my bitches getting even badder my brothers asshat friends think its okay to vandalize our property because hes a racist wana be redneck.
lol my nigga is a bad ass bitch forreal forreal my nigguh wtf my pussy pops severely, and yours dont!!!
my right ear is throbbing harder than a virgins pussy my side bitch is my main bitch cuz my main bitch aint feelin me nomo.nomo my timeline looks thirsty bc you basic hoes keep talking bout the same nigga that dont matter ctfuu my tweets aint shit but you bitches aint either n I cant even enjoy the reg House Hunters, which is 1 of my fav shows.because I know House Hunters International bitch ass comes on next n if you following me too be messy your gonna die a slowly painful lonely ass death bitch nasty hoe need to get the sheriff Rick in here to show these pussy ass police officers who is boss.
niggas not stepping up they still tryna get back in the day kinda pussy lol niggas stay with insides over some hoe shit niggas talk bout hoes, but the same hoes be in their beds at night ctfuu niggas w bitch mentalities is a no go.
have fun with those repressed memories nobody bout their actions, you pussy nobody likes bloody nips!
just dont expect pussy cause you took the girl out.
only lesbians get their nips pierced ew only like bitches ran for homecoming but like 20 running for prom or dead Word If ya moms calling the cops after she aint heard from you for four days you probably pussy or my cup filled Love a bitch that know to keep me one rolled ouh she got da spider pussy!
ow my stomach hurts like a bitch paper ova pussy pay back a bitch aint it paybacks a bitch and bitch youve been livin in debt with me people be shooting their guns around here late as fuck got me thinking they tryna shoot my black ass 4 jammin jiggaboo music pimps up hoes down!!!
pony tail red nails still in school bitch pop me a pill throw that pussy a rave praying for a bitch pregnant at the same time and bitches think thats cute procrastination is a bitch prolly sum hoe tryna get in the hurricane free who sent that nigga to Twitter tho pull out my bank roll on y bitches like whoa pull up eat on that pussy and dip punch a bitch on her lip hahaha pure trash push a bitch out a car like im Gucci Mane bitch !
pussy pussy aint shit but a product you either gonna get onna muscle or you gotta pay pussy ass bitches pussy ass people with guns and knifes, foh i appreciate the people still willing to throw hands pussy boy gone die a bitch pussy causes wars.
pussy is a joke you can either get it or not get it.
sexy ass bitch eating a fry she caught three nuts but she never catch feelings and bitch wit dat disposition we can count millions she let me play with her pussy then she lick it off my fingers.
she pooted Either Young Thug gay, or this bitch pooted she thru me dat pussy but I never caught it.
some prude bitch unfollwed me show me ur ugly face some rich pussy with some bullshit rich problem.
still trash stinky hoe stroking otha niggas hoe is my hobby stuffed her like an Oreo stupid ass hoe stupid bitch stupid bitch count to H and get off my phone stupid cunts stupid fucking metal bird stupid loose pussyed bitch sup bitches swat to the twat sweet Jesus, Im a beleiber Look at this bitch nigga tho talk of the morning is hoes and rappers , damn y talk about the same shit everyday talking crazy over the Internet is the same thing as doing it in person.
that pussy so wet Im calling it rain that was me trying to be mature about the subject.
pussy fuck boy try harder.
the mom acts like a bitch doe like ok ur losing ur memory but dont be a cunt to ur daughter the niggas on twitter like I eat pussy and yada yada is the niggas with STIs and shit the only place I ever ask them to drive me is to the rave for shows and they fucking bitch about that the opening to Donatella inspires me to wake up and be the baddest bitch I know I can be every day thank you the receptionist im always forced to talk to is such a racist cunt.
these hos really be hatin on Draya fine ass these judges gon try hoe Floyd if he dont show out this last round these niggas out here bitchin tell em suck sumn these bitches see my vision tell em fuck sumn these pussy ass niggas aint bout that life they blame it on the alchohol but claim the truth come out when they drunk.they defend the hoe being a hoe, you backward ass mofos they gotta sell they ugliness Ugly bitches be the most stuck up.
lol this could be my last breath Ima take my time, cause Ima go out the same way I came in Right by the pussy with nothin on my mind this fat bitch was preaching like we have too many fat and lazy people!!
thus bitch looks just like Lindsay Lohan she gets down just like Lindsay Lohan time to start an Army of hoes to me niggas cheat on they bad bitches bc they think they can get bad bitches, that one girl will give em a big ass ego today my friend taught me so hood slang she said fuck nigga, nigga bitch, fuck boy, nigga bruh tom ford probably fucking these hoes too bad ur a pussy too many bitches, not enough adults.
tryna get grey to c off work but hes being a bitch lol turns out his exboss called him a pussy.
type a bitch make u take her on 10 dates, then she give u da pussya and the shit weak.
u a hoe u a stupid hoe u can tell yo bitch we some yung rich homies u know I came to stunt so drop that pussy bitch u know u watch too much gay porn when u refer to boy butts as man ass or boy pussy bc me in my head 247 u lucky he holdin me back bitch u sent nudes when ina relationship or nah?
Her pussy bleeding or nah?
what a hoe what a little bitch lol what a retard lol what he was clearly stating to the masses is.pussy is to be shared.so girl send out dat pussy to my shark what to do when your ear hurts like a bitch?
which twitter bitch isnt selling chokers whos pussy better then a crazy bitch?
why are these freshman so ghetto lmao why bitches gotta be bitches why cant girls just admit that they want the dick as much as us guys want the pussy?
or will u dip like the groupie hoes searching for another will u sell dat pussy for me?
Lmfaooo ya bitch aint bad nigga, you aint got no taste ya girl pussy is trash as fuck.
you a hoe nigga forreal you a pussy ass nigga and I know it nigga.
you can tell when dick recently been in a pussy, taste nasty af ewww bitches better never play that shit you cant cuff a hoe lmao you drove me redneck crazy you fake niggah lolol you got niggas, and i got bitches.
you look like your 12 stop talking about fucking bitches you might as well gone pussy pop on a stage you niggers cheat on ya gfs?
Today was a long practice bitch no it wasnt Food Pussy
Pussy like ecstasy.
Pussy or Twitter?
describing New Pussy like a Balti Love Thing out this bitch.
Pussy ass bitches ask for nudes.
that these hoes just find their own relationship instead of ruining others Wise up RINO pussies, real leaders like Rand, Cruz, Lee, Bachmann etc.
Black bitches turn 60 buy a hat and act like Jesus forgot they was fucking niggas in the park LOOOOOL Fuck driving stick, its gay as fuck shit pussies say If you aint got shit goin for ya self, what bitch gone want you y bare hoes y dnt care bout ??
aint kissing any bitch anytime soon for the light weights pussies If you got netflix watch fresh that hoe live from now on my name is Chuck E Im not chuckie no o u unfollowed me so i cant dm u, so ill say it here, youre a rude cunt lmao you can dm me I talk to any girl who paid over 300 for her sew in, show me u Atleast got some type of boss bitch in you lol wth Cute text ey bitch come over for some pizza No one wants to see curvy women Karl Lagerfeld he retarded Colts nation.put y money upbitch chuassup we was just down 24 this is me so badly hahahah omg y some pussies Lol rt.
wtf I DMd you bitch nah im forreal both of y pussies smell like some dried up crusty fish guts nah that bitch stank ape?
dont care about Taliban pussies really.
I dig yo ass these kids are pussies.
pussies racist tx trash racist why wld u intvw n ask racist questions itwas so disrespectful I jus wanna let you know OKC trash, IBAKA aint shit, y aint goin nowhere without Harden Spurs bitch thats the team, you dont want no problems hey Sir house nigger, uncle tom arent you from grand ole Mississippi, I rest my case!
thank you for the lyrics, these bitches so gullible an sleep on your music they just be like aw u so sweet let me suck ur dick wrong maybe you been dealing with pussies but I dont put up with that crap.
Im concerned, WE have pussies psychos!
ay nigguh so when ya coming back I dont know, Im hoeless, so I dont know where they congregate bitch some blockhead hoe, she aint nothing,boo only one problem theres a no pussies allowed sorry.
What pussies, I see is a sweet, honest woman, but seriously you could make this stalking thing so much easier!
what a little bitch follow me u sexy bitch lebron is a bitch those guys are pussies And does he know youre calling him a fag?
and yo pussies stank coming to the rescue of some retard licking dirty skidmarks on the internet.
liberal pussies only think jokes about sarah palin daughters are funny.
 of y stfu, your pussies and wont do shit thirsty hoes this nigga.
living with my bitches pussies Ill come rape your wife bitch boy bitch no cause I didnt wanna see your bitch ass your one of my bitches you make money for me !
When did we become a nation of giant dripping whiny pussies, anyway?!
Like I said, pussies.
you guys are pussies thats life hoes gonna be hoes an you could blame Tammy Ill show you how much of a fag I am shut your dirty dirt trap you limp knees, ashy footed, blue balls, isolated hamster wheel, no nipples bitch congratulations, you are officially fucking retarded.
come watch Godzilla then faggot sounds about right to many dumb bitches work there welcome to my life bunch of pussies.
stfu prude ass basic ass bitch Im just kidding, Im not a fucking faggot wtf that bitch was driving around drunk pussies!
yous a nasty lil bitch i tell it how it is if yu ain uh bitch or uh hoe i c yu by yo name ya dude get the pussies drunk!
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT PREACHES NO BULLYING Creating a new generation of pussies!
Act like Im Casper get ghost with a bitch Actual quote from local cop there are too many pussies in this town.
 these hoes say that wanna be cuffed bitch cuff this dick these hoes trife I can never cuff , Ive been hurt before so I can never give a fuck these hoes want boyfriends but the last thing I need is ties these niggas with these Love Quote Pages are some pussies.
Probably lying anyways Alright your time is up Cheesecake trash Also love angry old Irish bartenders pussies have one beer and ask for a glass of water, fuck them I ignore that shit Also, anyone who wants to bitch about the prices at Disney needs to check this out next time.
And them niggas pussies.cameltoes And these hoes aint as good as they look.I need to take my own advice doee cause If that pusxy good then Im good And vice versa 910 he has hoes And weres bitch boy ?
Bullets stick to a nigguh damn liver Bullets through a nigguh tru jeans Bullying laws are for pussies.
But they only talk on twitter bc pussies in real life But this emotional shit is absolutely for the birds.
Ghetto ass bitches came in my job talm bout sum o yes u daddy down Giants you bitch Gillette is for pussies Gimme another beer bitch!
God I would sell both my nuts to watch LeBron tear his ACL right now and watch those pussies kill themselves God bless the dumb and retarded God bless the dumb niggas who trust these hoes God dam man that freestyle is so retarded that its fumny af omg God damn birds God damn flappy birds weak ass God my tweets are so ghetto God youre a faggot if you dont think superman is the best superhero Goes ape shit on my ass like nigggga tf you doin i hust saved yo life so i pushed her ass into the the w then she calmed down again Going comfortable then a hoe today, gotta be relaxed for prom Going for a bitch nigga neck cause nigga am Rollin Going hard bitch swear Im on my job throw a quake in the air c that shit a lob Going out with bad intension.
She said You need to stop acting ghetto cause its not cute Hahahaha fucking pussies Hahahaha manziel is a faggot and the browns will ruin him.
Fuck you guys, Ill be fun by myself pussies I hate dumb bitches I hate fat bitches I hate females that push their asses out as they walk.
Im sick and tired of the above the fray crowd, theyre the same crowd, the mushy moderate, the contrarian etc.Wake up pussies.
Fuck them pussies.
Drive dat girls daddy wild crazy Juniors are still pussies Jus a D nicca n the A!
Next time dont get in trouble Just bought new release, and to of you pussies whining about it.STFU.
trust an believe meeeeee Lets these hoes be hoes thats we know Lex Steele I know y know him he been knocking hoes off for years and moaning in the process Libertarians can be such pussies thought you believed in self defense, yet you want a peaceful revolution?
NFL full of pussies now Niggas deserve better bitches Niggas excited by these bitches, them the weird boys Niggas f in love with an EVIL bitch and turn they back on they friends.
No saving hoes No sex bitch I only want the neck bitch No skimp shit here bitch No sleep, sleep is for pussies.
Only faggot pussies put their twitter pic of them and their dog Only faggots use white dss Only fags say swag shits mad retarded.
Lmao pussies.
This next generation is being raised to be a bunch of mindless pussies with no discipline.
Why are you texting me instead of your hoes After a hoe gave you head and say Its my turn lol they turn down to early bunch a pussies Suicide Girl Hopeful how about getting a job hopeful, or going to school hopeful you silly bitches!
ya pussies My bitch wanna post a thirst trap ima just not pay the water bill that month.
If you dont make her go to sleep after y fucked then your pipe game trash Time for the comeback pussies.
youre pussies.
So dont mind me while Im a total jackass to their butt hurt pussies right The looters in are so retarded, that they risk arrest to get free food when EBT already pays for their food LO You can no longer run a business n America unless its deemed acceptable by 1 political group of retards known as democr Ppl quick 2 bitch about what somebody aint did for em when 9 times outta 10 they aint did shit for that person Pau a hoe.
Dont get why bitches dont like food in their pussies.
u dumb nigger You dont love her if you keep a couple other hoes on the side dude last day, fuck it walk out that bitch Whats going down pussies?
Fucking stop playing like pussies.
Going as Candace for Halloween lmao ugly bitch It goes from baby to hoe, I love you to Fuck you I hate you, I need you to Fuck off from Youre my eve My main bitch my side bitch mad me i could by give 2 fucks UnHoe these bitches Rickie Shitstache the rest of these pussies better enjoy this back injury.
Jesus please respond to her you a hoe for this Lets butt chug Mikes Hard Lemonade Whats with these pussies turning themselves into YuGiOh cards lately I wish sombody get this hoe away from me LMAO bruh Oooooo let me find a shooting star so I could wish a bitch would Ps up hoes down, if ya bitch cant swim then tha hoe gone drown This bitch on Maury a thug What it ih hoe, wassuh.can a nigga get in dem guts How close I am to slapping a bitch Dr.
These hoes aint loyal pussies wanna use royal icing for their gingerbread houses.fuck that.ima use my homemade cream cheese frosting.
this aint FB nigga, fuck yo birthday when youre in public with your side hoe warning shots are for pussies Im just gonna gun you down!
so i could catch a round with half these pussies out here Let a bitch try me try me, Ima swing her to the whole mf family Basically, Im the shit bitch So when the clock hits 12 oclock imma need the baddest, lightest, brightest hoes to be at door.
Regrets are for pussies.
thanks pussies do i have time for these hoes ?
Guys say dont wear leggings if you dont got no ass I see you pussies walking around in muscle shirts without any mus Bet you wont em doe Hoes gon be hoes shut up.
You a hoe I just thought you were cute thats why I kissed you Wetin happen ?our school will just be behaving like pussies So not ready for the new year, new me tweet bullshit to come You the same hoe you was last year Chill the fuck out This is a true ride or die bitch stfu hoe Im proud to be African American Proud African American
See when you paid them bitches pay attention but when you broke you never mentioned so fuck em and keep it strictly pimpin See why these pussies need their guns!
Son why is our mail lady so ghetto Sone of y bitches need morning glory milk baths Sonnen is a faggot Sonoma County cannot handle the Gutto Style straight up north bay is pussies forever Soon will be to Fuck Backtrack and I cant wait because fuck those faggots.
yawns TWITTER IS JUST LIKE REAL LIFE.filled with pussies.
Fuck dat Spiders arent scary, sheesh y some pussies Tarzan out dis hoe Taught ma lil niggah how to treat a girl Taught me how to hate a bitch Taylor Swift looks like the kinda bitch you would bring home and only get a dry handjob from Tbt nigguh Teach me You really be fucking bitches brah?
Top 5 stankiest pussies Top knotch hoes get the most not the lesser Totaled Crashed dat hoe Drake verse on that nicki Touchdown hoe.
Way too many pussies who just lay down and do nothing in my generation.
Are they afraid of the hoodie pussies?
Wussup pussies Wut a bitch Xavier a hoe, he never lookin out.
Y are pussies its summer time turn tf up!
You niggaz is bitches better yet actresses da k hit ya ass nd flip you like a pissy mattress You nigguhs glorifying pussies You not playing me bitch I know wassup You old bitter,salty ass niccas make my flesh crawl off my bones!
my life aint shit You see me bussing this bitch You see me shining on yo bitch ass You see these two pussies Jason capuano nd Jason cousins taking Chit on the gram but aint about that You see you?
We know most of you get em cause youre scrawny country pussies.
bunch of pussies but I didnt get a write up thank god lol dumb white bitch but Id rather be a free man in my grave than living as a puppet or a slave but above those shit options bitch would be free alive and rich but at the same time she hates me so I dont wanna trust her bitch ass but i do know one thing though, bitches they come they go, Saturday through Sunday monday, monday through sunday yooooo but shawty you not a bitch you the one I get money wid butt chug 4lokos or nah byeeeee bitch, c me bitch can bitches at least wait till its their bday month to put that shit up?
get on my level bitch im careful who I kick it wit get over it pussies getting every dolla out this bitch girl acting like Im staring at her bitch I just cant laugh at your joke?
what kind of fucking pussies are you to bitch about a satirical tweet against asians?
it aint their fault if a 13yr old is traumatized from an R rates film bunch of pussies why tf is this bitch in my class wearing brewers shit its footb season,,,, why the fuck did twitter move the new tweet box to above the feed lol it looks fucking retarded why you act like a little booshie bitch now, thats why you dont have friends hoe why you think ol niggas wit no money dont even care about swag, rockin sandals wit velcor straps, they aint checkin for bitches whys this bitch wearing a striped tshirt and nike shocks will u love dat nigga even if he lose it all.
y crazy hoes need jesus lol y pussies i swur yeah Im a bitch, but guess what?
Breeding a Nation of Pussies, now how the hell is a Man, a Man.IF HEs A PUSSY!
Pussies I like it when you c me McSully I like when bad bitches pour honey on my silky body its not even the 90s I like it.
Pussies only have 9 lives Shoutout to your main bitch !
I got tits as big as a hoe so it evens out bitch you said you dont even like trae , fuckin poser!!
Just say theyre as retarded as their tits are fake theres no in between.
cunt nigger fuck balls tits cocksucker piss dick kike.
your tits may be better looking but her face makes you like a Asian or Latina tranny you look like a welfare bitch compared to Latinas I date and fuck.
For example my girlfriend dont like the crew I hang with she BAE its yo fault taking a nig out everyday just like a Velcro headed moon cricket to say fucking jungle bunny put your tits away you ginger.
Im tired of seeing this disturbing bitch with 3 tits Im tired of these bitches actin like they loyal lol Im trying to come back as a fine ass bitch next lifetime.
Put ya hands up if you a Grade A bitch Put yo bitch in the figure 4 and bedrock her Put your hands down bitch, I aint gon shoot you Put your tits back in your shit bitch Putin making look like a bitch on foreign policy.
if my avi was big tits this would be an epic tweet.
bitches with no tits or ass dont even get a hug from me.
Ps4a big booty hoe with tig ol bitties Xbox onepancake booty hoe with pancake tits There is nothing wrong with Ariana Grande.
I would rather be like hey girl send me the tits and ass hoe Why are some people such faggots?
You mad cuz I was in the van with yo bitch With both hands on her tits You mad cuz she fucking on ya enemy?
Some of us have no tits a big ass.
shit bitch nigga shit shit i wanna know if my bitch gone protect me shit piss fuck cunt cocksucker motherfucker tits shitting on these crusty hoes shout out to the bitches who like gum i be chewing that shit showin love to bitches fucked on the side shut up bitch shutup fag on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me !
wishing I could high five whoever named a species of birds great tits women hate hoes becuz they fuckin up the economy wonder if they gon have em for the low on nigger friday.
You're fucked up ass cunt now go post pictures if your flat ass titties on ig slut
thats why I luv u fat bitches cuz y got some big ole titties and phat booties Walked in that bitch like, NIGGA WE MADE IT!
Youre fucked up No shit you dumb ass cunt now go post pictures if your flat ass titties on ig slut Your a queer.
Id be the best prostitute and madam EVER.
Fuck u honkey Gucci b having me on my rude shit Lol thats not nice that bitch aint worth a quarter Mimi too old to be covering her titties during sex bitch you childish LMFAO If you watching porn beating off yo homie text u it show his name in the banner youre a faggot bruh these hoes gotta be stupid.
My mama told me not to talk to bitches so.jk Bad breath aint cute not even if you a so called bad bitch and its usually cause by a shitty attitude unk aint ever lied Denzy tryna hoe broski Izzy no chunky nugs for you he doesnt even hook it up like that.
We not listening to Keef night I feel you its too early, dont annoy me dont come back from ya fun filled weekend and give me attitude hoe These hoes gon come go, i feel it.
Sm titty bitches pierced nipples look like staples.
Some hoes not gonna let you come over until you spend money on themlisten Beef is when a bitch titties looking like they sleep.
bitch Im talm bout at like 10 bitch ion got no attitude sorry hoe Im shaded Rn bitch you NOT either bye bitch you still subtweets but not replying though oh bitch but you couldnt answer mine when I needed a paccage delivered to your house !
bitch I work 24 hours a day to protect your freedom fuck you bitch Im done with school faggot point that sasquatch bitch out this hoe wasnt loyal im 99 slay bitch, im wearin bandos armor cause im so rich, i got my slayer helm and my whip droppies you both sure do You want to give a free pass to every border jumper in this country you two are whats wrong here bitch please because shes a nigger they can see this dumbass nigger what are you doing bitch you have a redneck attitude.
gross, ill stick with my galaxy, it will still receive those nips not nappy head hoe though if he wants bitches tip toein on his marble floors he will aint nobody asked yo faggot ass for a comment i know you peeped already you gay thats what u do for a living on sale ass hoes big titty bitch lmao fuck it good party
teabaggers hes just a friggin idiot that can say anything and his redneck teabagger constituants buy it.
man bring yo bitch ass here ion give a dam bout yo mf attitude u better sit yo ass in that bitch til 330 After you spread that filth of urs to that white dog, he the good ol boys were ltao on fuckin a monkey u 2 lost puppies dont know shit.
Haha she looks like a real dyke now bitch firstly its resting on my titties and secondly if U WAS PAYING ATTENTION YOUD HAVE SEEN WHEN I SAID I ROLLED INTO IT lmao dont fight me you dont know my ghetto ass school dude I highly doubt that since I dont give a fuck about it you cant get rid of me that easily bitch If I have to watch baseb I actually go for the Mets because Jon Stewart.
long tittie no nipple havin ass bitch at least that one dude had the guts to me.
My mammy woulda been happy I made friends wit da folk dat brought us to da new world in chains But then you have no idea what peoples actually personalities are like maybe Pamaj has always been a cunt hahaha he was no a cunt with a shitty attitude than Apex or Pamaj or Banks.
But I like bitches please tell me yo bitch talk about lamp u not on my level do u even know fussy look like stop looking porn kid read the constitution you love.
Therealwesjames.com long tittied no nipple having bitch!
Jesus Christ 4getaboutit!
shit is trash that bitch needs a tittielift
A nicca is hungry as hell A nicca need a maid A nicca say he ballin ask em where his title n his deeds at not wher his clothes n his keys at A nicca still tired from last night.
Shit bitch I DID Af nah these hoes stupid After 27 weeks straight of that nigga being you MCM we get it bitch y fucking After I say some shit I just be like wow that was so uncalled for , youre really a bitch attitude on After a fight in the club in New Orleans them bitches start jumping After the leg workout I was put through today walking up the stairs is a straight up bitch!
Stop thinking ur entitled to politically correct responses.bitch BREATHE!
Hating niggas chalk em out gone get the coffin out Bad foreign bitch she a walkin Ferrari Bad lil bitch aint never seen her Bad lil short fine bitch lil petite sumn Bae gotta bitch whoops Bae juss the new side bitch lingo u aint special hoe Bae made me deep fried Oreos Bahaha omg this bitch is crazyyy.
Bc I got too many bitches Be a dog to these bitches bt be a KING TO YA QUEEN Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude and a lady with class.
Bij vraag wat is d naam van de engels des doods,dacht eerst Robert.IkIsrael.uhm iets met Gargamel,hoe heet die kat ook al weer.oja Azrael Biker gang looking ass bitches with titty tats.
Britt attitude be for no reason , bitch mad at breakfast Bro Im bored then a hoe rt Bro everybody is a ho then, fuck it, your favorite Color is mango red you are a ho, you charge your phone the way to 100 Ho, smh Bro what in the fuck y bitches thinking.
Cant stand ghetto ratchet ass mofos Cant stand that asian dude just now, faggot gives me attitude cause I almost forgot my water, fuck u faggot if I wasnt on stage Cant stand that faggot.
Country music and rap music both talk about the same basic shit repetitively.
Dont get a mf attitude bitch.
Welcome to the titty show.
I cant handle when people give me an attitude, I dead them so quick.
I hate bitches but ugly andor fat bitches are the worst I hate bitches that fish for compliments I hate bitches that have attitudes the time I hate bitches that wear those fake ass ray bans, theyre only 100 stop being cheap.
I thought it was bros over hoes , guess not I thought that bitch was trynna line me I titty wrecked ya bitch.
If anyone ever gets an attitude or w e with me idgaf who it is I am going to be a bitch right back If anything Ive ever said has offended you, thats a YOU problem not a me problem.
Im rick james bitch, show me ya titties Im sippin hot tea bitch Im smoking good n my bitch conceited!
my gratitude has died.
It aint never a dude voice It bothers me when a ugly girl has a bad bitch attitude.
Its levels to my bitch you cant fuck her nigga cause she like red bottom you cant afford her nigga she got Benz you riding honda accord Its like zero bitches in nap thats gon stick by yo side if you f off Its moes monday ten ten ten twenties on yo titties bitch Its money over bitches even though I love ladies Its my main bitches 21st ayyyeeee happy birthday babbbyyy!!
 the big booty bitches show him some love Its no wonder my titanium ankle is killing me.
Let me go on my block phase cause you hoes steady coming for me Let me see them titties bitch, ice cream.
lmao take her to the hood were they do most good Let them hoes be great Y bitches be really reaching for the sidetitty look Let these hoes be great Let these hoes be hoes.
Like my momma said dont waste yo time on plzing des fake ass bitches and bum ass dudes cause they aint gone get u nowhere but pregnant and Like my twat Like out of no where youve become an inconsiderate bitch and Im BEYOND done with your shitty attitude Like real shit dude da closest nicca I done seen to AI Like she got a death touch?
Only dis time he gonna be Weezy and we married pre op trannies Me and my big ol titty bitch Me and my bitch Me and my bitch song Me and my homie ROCKIN that bitch night NOW Me and my nig be running shit in Miami on the court, we only lost one game in 3 days Me and my nigguh stay doin it Me calling bout a nigga shit for the birds.
She lost the weight BECAUSE IT WAS UNHEALTHY and now shes done Model bitches in the gym working on they fitness but it dont mean nothing cuz they still gon buy some titties!
I felt like I be at da welfare office and cut da line My problem is I got a STRONG IDGAF attitude.
Melo garbage ass just now hitting 20k Nigga be a straight gentleman then he speaks bitch comes with that funky ass attitude then the gentleman shit goes out the window.
Pretty bitches with even prettier titties Pretty mother fucker pull up in a bitch likee Pretty motherfucker pull up in this bitch like Pretty muthafucka pull up in this bitch like Pretty sure I got ya bitch nudes in my phone nigga Pretty weird that flight attendants are instructed to say Welcome to the OC, bitch.
Most party promoters are hoes them angel bitches are Tell a hoe NO for the sanctity of your relationship we gotta stop fucking these woman Iont got not type.
Its about but then who is going to host the baddest bitch competition?
Bad bitch her attitude nasty !
ohh bitch you might pass lol hey hoe yasss bitch you did it The beat tho bitch im trying bone Fuck a title bitch throw that ass back YE YE YOU might not but the reaction was the same, everyone said that brand was trash yet his sh naw no bs tho.if u under lets say 20 and u got like 15 bodies.u def a hoe lol.
U gotta be retarded to skip class in college Kirk aint nothing but a bitch HipHop Bruh every time a famous celebrity tweet something, the 1st person to comment is some hoe talkin bout slap ya dick on me d Even at a young age these hoes aint loyal If my girl get in a fight with your girl you better be ready to fade too cuz Ima knock you out then go help my bitch stomp Lying ass bitch McDonald employees always rolling their eyes when you pay with coins like bitch you broke af too fuck you giving me attitud Me Youre a hoe Hoe You wasnt saying that August 12, 2014 at 722 PM Me Well youre a hoe today on October 1st 2014 at When a bitch sneezes too close to you Your room bitch Tell me somethin dirty Never trust a y so cute ass bitch they just waiting to strike Kanye turned a hoe into a housewife and niggas said RIP good girls forever.
You value yourself because someone gave you a title.
hoes Be going through depression when they dude in jail bc other females gettn told the same shit they need to be there I love a bad bitch with a attitude, idk why but a cutie thats a savage is sexy as fuck Im avoiding commitment because these hoes aint loyal BRUUUUUUH Kobe, last night yelling at Dwight Howard You a bitch ass n?
Always got a attitude for no reason.
Where my bitches from the itty bitty titty committe!!!????
LMA make sure her titties out Bouta take a pic of her laying on me like the side bitches do Just swing Thats why I fucked yo bitch.
Wow If a bitch talks shit to me Im gonna lick my thumb and swipe her eyebrows off If you get offended by tweets youre a bitch That bitch is dirty The only girls that care about being a guys WCW are hoes When a bitch says youre broke Y fat bitches with sm titties look like Teddy Grahams.
but I love her attitude bruh.
if these hoes aint trippin how can I If I see a bitch walking around wearing what Rihanna had on ima grab a titty and hoe I dare you to get mad, we can fight ab Real niggas can handle anything.
Wait till she get off work Caption this MT is paid by white supremacist, they always get a negro to do their dirty work 80 60 of these hoes be fake gay LMAOO accurate When bitches see a quote with a tweet on the TL LMAOOOOOOO What dum bitch made this The nipples determine whether the titties are trash or not I hate a bitch dat act like a nigga.
Hate to break the but u spam bro A dyke a tuck her titties in the winter and start calling herself Mr.
I dont see how y can ever take a bitch that posted naked pics serious if you cant do or say certain shit in front of yo bitch then dont do it Niggas be catching attitudes and expect a bitch to beg plenty of sorrys to figure out whats his problem.
Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y happy, having a title in a relationship theres gonna be bitches badder than yours or niggas doing better than your nigga.
Xbox is better ya titties trash Apple CEO says Being gay is a gift from God as part of campaign to sell iPhone to queers.
I love it IOC Cuts Constitution From Hockey Mask via I dont watch the VS fashion show because I have bigger boobs than of those pancake bitches lol.
ya bitches luv throwing bread crumbs on the ground and complain about the pigeons who come flocking towards ya This bitch come up and pull her titty out.
When she comes through with the nudes, but they trash, but she got big titties It goes from babe to bitch I love you to I hate you I need you to fuck you youre my everything to you when that one stupid bitch pops up on your timeline.
Bitch where ya competitive spirit at??
youre such a queer Im such a bitch, Im hard to handle, Im stubborn, and I have an attitude.
those bitches hinder the spirit Hehe hoe quotes I need a guy that can put me in my place bitches that think theyre zoo animals Every girl goes thru her hoe phase her freshman year in college Niggas got a girl, why the fuck you asking girls to text you.hoes man hoes You hoes getting outta hand You women are not wild animals.well some you can control your own attitude and put yourself in place u dumb bitch Its Britney bitch.
It used to be a shame to be hoeprostitute, with social media they c it hustling lol If I were to say be my girlfriend would you believe that I dropped my hoes for you?
Her attitude towards you is based upon how you treat her.
The bitch coach said she didnt like my attitude.
Then i fuck yo bitch Then the Mexican bitch wanna speak some other fuckin language then give attitude.
This bitch come home wit a attitude.
This bitch said Use my titties as a punchin bag 0 This bitch said I look like the type to do a lot of cocaine This bitch said shell do something strange for some change This bitch says shes got 150 in school.
U wanna piss a hoe off when u in the club she in front U Tryna dance for u do what Im doing right now Tweet U want a big tittyd hoedyke to wash ya rims lls I expect a chick at da bikini car wash to rid my rims of brake dust!
Ugh that crazy bitch in The Crucible smh Ugly ass hoe wanna be me so bad bitch gone on Ugly bitches always trynna take pics from the same angle guess its they best side Ugly bitches know to get out the crib before the sun come up Ugly bitches listen, y can not be havin a stank attitude.
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes!
Lol Where this hoe Benga at Where ya titties lil bitch?
Come to Indy bitch titz.
So THIS is why big titties were slandered today?!!
These bitches be confrused voice You got dykes, I got the Vics You got hoes really out there titty twerkin You got me faggot You got my name In your mouth but I got your bitch on my dick You got niggas and I got bitches You got niggas and I got bitches.
and this is why Im single, I dont fuck with bitches or there attitudes foh.
dont be on that ho shit dont be surprised when Im a bitch to you because youre always a dick towards me dont bitch about my attitude because youre the reason I have one dont even entertain these hoes, got somebody too important.
not that its tit for tat.
soon i have filled of the buckets i own and i frantically rummage through closets and cupboards, my penis wracked with jizz-spasms, hoping to find a suitable container for my semen.
Tyler isnt shit faggot go listen to some real music fag faggot you dont know shit about me faggot bitch absolutely retarded article am i really a fag if Im liking that fag faggot not funny u faggot ugly goldigging cunt u probably have an uncircumcised penis faggot ur brother looks so queer and ugly no pressure hoe hoes saying eyebrows on fleek.
But u luv them white devils in other words you are accustomed to niggers so muchYour Almighty one can be next to u, but yo nigger will convince u that is a lame, you, a nigger liver believes it cuz you a nigger whore I dont give a flying fuck what a teabagger piece of human garbage like you thinks you are a teabagger scum who wants to threaten people with his penis extender.
plot twist you have no penis.
I must be a bitch I must have pissed this nigga off aha um, because he my hoe he acting OUTTA line I name my niggas after nba playersmy nigga larry bird is a strait fuckin I named my dick the truth Cuz bitches cant handle it lmao I named my penis The Truth because bitches cant handle it.
I c my penis The Titanic because so many bitches went down on it.
Welcome to Dallas Nawfside Texas dont come with no hoe shit nigga this Texas you will get MURDERED What y up to beatin my meat on FaceTime wit a bad bitch Talking about you hate men and done with penis but go get you a manly looking chick that uses a strap on bitch stfu Lil bitch, you aint knowyou can never score from the sideline, hoe!
Becoming a cold hearted bitch wasnt really what I planned to do with my life but here I am Bitches love Miley Cyrus and Rihanna cuz they speak to every girls inner hoe The awkward moment when youre changing in the gym and your penis head slips through the slit of your boxers.
Lowkey Apple made iOS 8 like this so niggas get caught and have to buy their bitches iphone 6s to make up As in rubbing her booty on another mans penis.
Women stay bragging about their mans penis and wonder why your friend fucked him.smh.silly, silly hoe.
Why is everyone who thinks youre an unfunny pandering jizzbag automatically a troll?
You are a cunt.
You absolute fucking retard cunt.
You dumb cunt, you piece of shit.
You are an ABSOLUTE cunt.
Mother fucking cock sucking slut whore cunt with dick tow b bitch sperm burping chicklen fucking cum guzzling dollar scank pedophile dog shit tasting rabbit fucking cross dressing homophobic sucubus shit licking corn picking shit sampler with dog shit breath cause you blew the dog that ass raped you while you were picking corn off of shit in the toilet to make corn fritters with,and eating it fresh out of the bowl.
I hope your whore and cunt of a mother beats the faggot out of you.
And bitch you must be lost Baby I like being on your left side no bitch you cant be there Cuz the street on that side and Twitter said I aint real if you do Batter the wee cunt Jewis y cos he fucked my ex?
Race poor whitey riding with my bros still dont trust these hoes this weekends going to be fabulous naa man, youre seeing nae cunt.
Angry Youtube Comment youre being a cunt right now That son of a bitch moment when it rains and you forget your car windows are down Needy hoes, ratchet Hoes, sideline hoes, Beggin hoes, dumb hoes, looking for love on Facebook hoes.
It makes it nasty, I like nasty haha you like eating ass 2 Say Something is the one Drake song I have to listen to when Im in my feelingsfag Every female owns a thong If she wear thongs she a hoe lol both facts I cant stop being a lil bitch Another Jersey fail what a cunt
Lost that chanceUWMadisonlmao That one ex you cant seem to get over an is a cunt!!
Some people just cant handle my excessive use of the work cunt.
you can drive deez nuts in your botch mouth hoe Your opinion is irrelevant because youre a cunt.
Guess we were only half wrong about you being a dumb cunt.
i can not wait to see this fucking cunt.
oh so thats the bald bitch if u cant talk without talking about ur cunt mama im thru talking so ur faggot teammate hits someone late like that and U say hes yapping and yelling, u guys def 69 in the room man shut yo bord ass up !
bitch mind your business oh you mean like how you started to be a cunt to JP about something that has nothing to do with you?
Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant is a fag elissa is such a fake cunt hoes singing it too damn that hoe just came out but look at how many hoes said his shit jamming on my shit lmaooo I wanted them hoes she was suppose to hold em lmaooo niggas aint but hoes is I think Im winning lmaoooo Beiber get these hoes wet big bro Im Tryna tell you me either but if the bitch like put on that Beyonc nigga aint gone hesitate whatever turn them hoes on zRo aint gone get the bitch wet I fuck with Takeoff nigga get on the bitch and just snap lol that hoe for 5yr old naw where can I see that hoe at wiz had a warrant like a bitch yea he coming back him big rod doing something for that hoe NFN you bitch to much.
Get your pannies out of of bunch cunt Damn i wanted to buy that bitch that shit was tough I know bro nigga seen a 71 African playing Guard and was handling the hoe Lebron brought the bitch down to his knees chill who in that hoe bitch bitch Im not coming no you said your making plans !
go buy them bitches shown a tiny kitten you dumb fucking cunt
whoa, calling me a cunt?
Its an objective fact that Philly fans are cunts.
shut up lizard faggot nigger cunt thats very logical because bitches love using my face as a toilet ya I know the slang Im racist I h8 porch monkies bitch shut up and hand me some of those flowers you selling, the light is about to change.
if the faggots can have a page y cant they?faggots offend me than them im American, dont give 2 shits about the beaners, ship them beaners back the little cunt can just die for I care!
listen cuntrag whore bitch, shit be expensive as fuck, man.
aint no love 4 these hoes shit he prolly is other than that everybody else trash Cowboys fans are cunts?
block or mute the cunt or a southern bitch like me who will blow a persons heart out of their back wone shot!!!!
Shes a cunt.
Rightful mercy stoppage yea, it looks faglike suck my dick you cunts good bitch your a cunt ayyy tell that bitch in your avi she needs fix a flat for dat flat ass shut your legs hoe bitch fuck you!!
Smh I hate you now you may not like my stance on cops, but i didnt and would not c you a cunt.
no comparison the Beatles are a bunch of cunts, but the band that matters the most is The Faces IMO.
poor 5SOS has annoying ass cunts as fans.
I cunt hear you, bare ass me again I can tell from this tweet that youre a twat.
cunt bitch u lame as fuk lol yea ion do Brussel sprouts.
get me on that bitch stat bye youre a queer my boots get me bitches so what a retard he ever does is fav, fuckin cunt people bitch because they lose an hour of sleep today but it evens out and we get daylight this is a joke right?
This aint Facebook cunt.
Imma get her too lmfaoooo no one asked bitch Low blow, cuntface.
lol aight bet we in that bitch too nothing says fashion like a cunt hat.
Still knock bitches out Shes a cunt Vince, what is the general feeling of the natives that you know in regards to the term redskins?
the cunt needs her hands cut off!!!!!
im 60 n I hate elissa, a fake ass cunt oh shut your mouth i was talkin about the morning you fag no thats fucking retarded are you drinking tonight or not?
This cunt isnt going to have a family when im done.
Bunch of whiney cunts!
she going full retard right now smh There was also no need for her to be a cunt and act like shes something special.
forgot someone niglet fuck you faggot you fat Irish fucking cunt, I honestly hope you choke to death in a pool of your own Jameson induced vomit we dont love these hoes I stick up for my fam.
We should try and capture that cunt how many fuckin fags did a even get?
you sound like a real cunt sprite hoe mostly move ya dumb bitch!
eat shit nigga bitch turd bag dick beetle not a bitch thats for sure ur a cunt nd a wish a was a faggot no ion gotta do a bitch ass thang if you dont like wtf im saying unfollow me retard alert playas fuck up too lmao but thats like on trash FORREAL you a crazy one I see that spear chucker?
Bare ass me again, I cunt hear you Aye hoe Eff dem hos.
Your a stupid little cunt.
bitch u lying about Justins account ugly indian fight me you fucking obese niglet You are an ignorant cunt.
you still are a cunt okay, lets fight you ginger faggot never said I wanted to fuck a tranny.
fags are gross You aids infected sick fuckers Its dumb cunts like you that make me sad to have served in a war so you wouldnt have to.
You are a dumb cunt.
Stupid little cunt yeah it was such a lie, thats why you deleted it nigger.
hey bitch boy What a cunt he is.
So it never gets pronounced correctly what a ratchet ass bitch bet she felt dumb thats what happens when you date a colored im going to murder that fucking cunt bitch you already know I would go crazy with out you hahahah hes a stupid ass bitch She made fun of a suicide attempt.
I miss you too faggot Thats you faggot you eat shit for fun its goldbar dumb bitch and no my dad wouldnt pick you up he doesnt like faggots like you you dont know where I llive you stupid cunt youre failing at that and you dont know where I live faggot Oh, yeah, the HPV shot swells like a bitch.
hoe ass nigga lmao niqqa thats every white person just because some might seem down to earth dont mean there not gonna use nigger against us omfg thats mine faggot lol you being a cunt haha same here bitch is trippin if you want a hoe go on urban chat.
yo ugly ass 4 eyes havin ass bitch Im not gone see your baby monkey lil ass anyway funky ass your dad is genuine happy guy because his kids arent niggers though jimmy is my nigga 5eva that bitch gonna get a rug burn you just started a whole other situation you dumb asa cunt youre such a darkie.
A boy who thinks its ok to c a woman a cunt.
that old cunt needs to sit down
FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA bitch at least I have a boyfriend dumb bitch thats the action youll probably get bitch good bitch choke did I mention you are an ugly cunt?
at least its not antville, because thats for cunts.
weve used the word cunt almost 3 times.
you look like a bitch nigga to me text me, my phone being a cunt whore.
Greedy cunts Basically, so.just do you.
Bitch duck on whore ass slut cunt ha Biden its Gucci.
Lol Bitch youre the ugliest cunt ever.
So strange Congrats on being a cunt, and doing your make up worse than a 12 year old.
Cuh, this is our SCRUM Were finna smash some bitches Cunts, cunts everywhere.
Ty Dayum u gyp, u gone have mfs thinking im wiping my face wpissy diapers n shyt grrrrrr De Niros wife in Casino is the second biggest cunt of time, first is still Georges mother in Blow Dead af, stupid bitches still talking shit Deandre Jordan banged dat bitch Dear Utah Polynesians Again, stop acting black and speaking ghetto.
Did he say the tastiest cuts or cunts??
Do as I say soo R muthaafuckin J hoe Do these glasses make my cunt look fat?
Do y remember when Twitter took away verified check after Chris Brown broke up with her lmao stupid bitch Do you ever look zayn and be like he cunt be reel
I did a search for lying evil cunt and guess what?
Especially dem souf niccas, dat shit was outrageous Especially that wee cunt that walks about tensing the time lol, sup wae that shit?
Even gtta AK sittn at my bitch house Even my moms knows I dont fuck with ghetto people Even the young kardashians are hoes lol Even these pretty bitches mad self conscious, if that Instagram pic dont get enuff love it gets Even they know you my bitch Ever leave me around yo bitch and ima get her stoned Ever pop a bag of chips and that bitch bust open on the end facing the fuckin floor Every Psychology class has that annoying cunt who relates everything to herself just bc she has ADD and her parents got divorced Every bitch that love, bank account in overdraft Every bitch was born to break a man Every chick say that she a bad bitch.
Fear no bitch Fear the queer Feb 18 was a record setting day for the word faggot, apparently Fed ex some real hoe boys Feeeeeling tuna feelliiiing cunt Feel like a bitch for calling the cops on people but Id rather this bitch go to jail then someone get hit by a wreck less driver.
Smack that pompous cunt down in front of millions.
Fuuuuuck you you stupid fucking cunt Fuuuuuuuuck that bitch.
Get a bitch, break a bitch Get cunts to threaten me, not bothered.
Get your slow ass out my way Get your weak ass juco highlights off twitter hoe Gettin a lil midnight snack, best poboys in town Genes with my nigs and nickswagis504 Gettin bitches was never hard I just settled down cause that start got corny an my girl thurl Gettin drop top dat hoe Getting hit off a cunt thats about 6 foot sideways and a cunt that was in the army lol, i dini care, yous are fuckin laughable Getting niggaz to discuss than sports hoes and rap music is impressive but SO HARD TO DO!
Hate aw they gym cunts in ma year, Id rather eat like a pig and drink like Ive got a problem Hate dat hoe Hate on what bitch Hate that bitch Ray Donovans wife is pissing me off Hate this dyke Hate when Im in a girl city c her then she c back after Im on the plane bitch FOH Hate when bitches get boyfriends then forget about you like you wasnt there before they got together Hate when bitches talk like they rey fuck your brains out then be like im just filrting lmao fuck u bitch Hate when bitches tryna put you in the friendzone.bitch Im tryna score, put me in the endzone Hate when bitches with long hair decide to get a haircut.
Just gotta have a guy who wont give in Having spent the whole of catching fire telling the bitch next to me to put her phone away, I am now battling the masses so I can buy milk Hayfever is a cunt Hazel e looks like a bird.
3 How are you gonna be a cunt to your friends How can I not take my style back from niccas when niccas was taking my style WAY before.Preach How can a woman take u serious when youre a hoe?
So much cunts will illegally download it or go on itunes to get it.
How did I get stuck with the worlds biggest cunt for a sister?
How filthy of a cunt is to pretend that Obama threatening amnesty is not vastly egregious than Boehner on Obamacare?
Hull yuh mudda cunt Six strikers set for The Clasico Humble personality, not a hoe.
I Fucken cant stand little cunts that write a damn Essay on how the feel about something on Facebook.
Little cunt was disrespecting my turtle.
I bet we are gonna see 3 game loan player reviews too just because people are that much of a cunt I bet you think you a nochill savage huh.
I bought him a Sumblime shirt for his birthday too I kinda wanna be a cunt and ask for it back lol I bought hummus and broccoli.
Dont be a cunt.
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt shooby de doo wop I dont have a wife she my bitch for the night.
I keep seeing hoes c other hoes.hoes I be confused I keep the baddest hoes, stay fresh from head to toe I keep these hoes in check until they bounce I knew a New Orleans nig would say something crazy lol I kno its upside down cunt I know I talk a lot of shit but bitch best believe I can back that shit up.
I mean I like to get nasty but tooting my ass up in a bitch face aint in my freaky zone I mean if a bitch whilin out, she gone get knocked tf out I mean if she a cunt, then she a cunt.
That bitch never died I miss you being a wee cheeky cunt to me, sad times I missing something of my ofay friends.
I have to be some kind of cunt yes I plan on eating this entire motherfucking pizza I just ordered like a mufucka, bitch.
Cept she already did, gonna have to handle this I witnessed Ace hoe soo many niggas at the gardens growing up Im talking strong armed hoein too I wnna go to ihop bitch I woke up and she was already pregnant, fuck dat bitch I woke up in a bed full of bitches that I aint eeeen fuckin I woke up in a bed full of bitches that I aint even fuckin I wont do nothin with the bitch she cant even get me hard I wont say how many bitches I fucked but i might say how many 100s I touched I wont trust a bitch I wonder if Philly fans arent aware that they are complete cunts, or they ARE aware, but are just ok with it.
Im a cunt, so wit?
If you dont say thank you after someone holds the door open for you youre a bitch If you dont know uncle JJ your a bitch If you follow me on twitter and you are being loud cunt on the swings at wintersmith dont be a stranger If you fuckin for your rent you a lame hoe If you get into an argument with someone and say, Have a nice life good luck in Ohio.
Its not often you see the words disingenuous, egregious, and cunt filth in one sentence and properly used.
Think youre so much better than everycunt, naaaaa Jax a hoe!
Last time I have to see his bitch ass for four months Just said cunt in front of this old lady, I kinda froze, then she yelled YEAH YOU TELL THAT CUNT!
Hasta la bye bye bitches Kawasaki dating a faggot smh Kayci and I greet each other by saying hey cunt like it makes me lol Keep dem POO hoes off ya TL b.
Fuck y hoes y do is lie Lol thats some hoe shit Lol they tricking niccas left n right Lol this freshman said why dress up as a baby thats so retarded, I said well I mean u act like a baby so might as well dress like one Lol this girl makes fun of guys for having like light voices but Im just like bitch your voice is like deeper than five men together wtf Lol u mad motherfuckin hoe Lol when a nigga say he miss u say dont miss me miss ya bitch lmao Lol youre a cunt liar and I hope you drop dead k Lol!!
Mum agrees with me, ur being a wee moody cunt and you cani deal with the fact im right Mum told me about that guy from one direction puffin on the dutchy nd I was like so?
My doctor tonight is such a miserable cunt.
.this nigga is dum af doe My managers a stupid cunt yes I said it My mentions tl moving fast af sorry if Im flooding yo shit Im lowkey tryna get off this hoe for y My mf dawggg I miss this hoe man My mom bitches too much My mom is a cunt My mom is so clueless to whats going on with me lol she like you cant trust negros witcha money lmfao whaaaat?
My mom just bought a bunch of new sandles then chipped her toe nails now its like World War 3 in this bitch My mom seen my progress report was like so wtf is up wit this B bitch wtf do you NOT see them 7 As tf she just Ungreatful My mom told me never use the word cunt.
Cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt My moms a fucking cunt dude.
My nephew got his first haircut, and hes bald My sister is such a bitch My sister is such a bitch to me when she dont get her way My sister said my step mom is a cunt.
Nice flat footed throw cunt.
Other then the faggot shit, Mackle actually a really good artist.better than alot of rappers Otters would make cool pets if they werent such cunts.
Aye, im a pyhscopathic cunt.
Ya big daft cunt.
you pretentious film school cunt.
this cunt is still talking!?
because he was a cunt, Brandon.
Oi ya big boring cunt, Kubrats a comin.
so tony I think yr a rude little cunt and too too young to even know what real rock and rol I dont support that ya idiot.
fifty bucks says a dense cunt thinks I say totes on the reg and unfollows bc I said cheerleader.
These hoes like niggas that spend money not talk about it damn these bitches in middle school look grown af in these nudes Isnt it funny that the people who c me fat, ugly, a whore, stupid, a cunt, a bitch, etc are the same ones whining abo I want a real relationship no games, no lies, no side hoes, just me and you Lawd Jesus, this cant be real to ghetto to be real lol if you attractive everyby will believe you have the niggasbitches regardless of if you really do or do not im not ready to see y hoes tweet new year, new me lmfaoo NEVER I be Dolo , I dont got no niggas, for my old hoes FUCK THEM 1 Me.
Your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt.
Me Beause youre cunts.
Started off wit nuttin I was hungry, now I got a couple niggas bitches who want me Need a down bitch to bring me pizza The fox says youre a cunt.
Youre an annoying cunt Well maybe youre a whore you stupid ugly homeless bitch thanks bitch so damn stupid, someone needs to sit that bitch down explain to her that is a p Cuddle with me and tell me Im beautiful Im a needy bitch Y bitches who hit up the m looking for new clothes need to hit up the gym those escalators not cutting it This is so stupid How you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
Was daddy still being an abusive rageaholic in hospice, or just making doody in his diapers like a good fag h And for the record, I think Dan Snyder is a cunt.
Sterling is a cunt.
The only thing irritating than Donald Sterling being a cunt is Adam Silver continually apologizing for him.
Its a mass grave you fucking cunts.
Its hard to be the bigger man when the other person is being such a cunt Why does Hawkeye have to be in the Avengers?
me as a good friend supports and encourages ur hoe activities These bitches act local n think global Kayci and I greet each other by saying hey cunt like it makes me lol
The only person okay with me cal hey cunt, I miss you too hey cunt, I miss you.
She hit t The only thing that cunt talked about was me crying about the traffic jam.
He said I was a mental cunt.
Nope we outchea Just smashed a bottle over buzz head because hes a cunt When you drop your hoes for one person and y dont end up together serenading your bitch These hoes getting dressed up as hoes for Halloween, just to do what they always do every other night.
Steve found out you cant c Taiquaniesha a stupid fuckin cunt like you can w Becky When bae fights your side hoe wins I love my girlfriend she be shitting on y hoes.
The person below is a cunt.
Meow, bitches If one FB idiot bitches about the weather, I will hunt them down kill them with kindness because everyone is enti Ultimate bitch I should get a job at the USPS customer service number since the only requirement is being a total cunt.
ht Pirlos one of them cunts whod just be better at everything.
Bud Light Platinums 23 Shots of Patron 8 Side bitches 5 Fucks given 0 Rutgers terminated Mike Rices contract by repeatedly calling it a cunt while hurling balls at it until it finally kill.
Happy cunt bags Girl I know you got hoes
Because your a Fucken gay cunt hell yea!
If youve been though what Ive been through you would have turned into a heartless bitch by now but Im stronger bet Whats it like being a cold hearted cunt?
yeah Texans are so much better you fucking retard Some of you cunts owe me money.
most teachers abuse their position, theres teaching with discipline and theres being a cunt, most are cunts walk like a big bitch now.
wow well arent you just a fucking cunt im not finna beg a nigga to fwm, nor will I beg a bitch to be my friend fuck y thought?
Toughen up I dont send nudes a bitch wit trash nudes Crafty bitches best way to cheat on a test Aw thats cute, your mom raised you to be a bitchy little cunt Bitches be begging for love loyalty when theyve never giving it to anyone.
no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 for a ba nah go talk to ur bitch since she yo crush n shit u may think im a bitch but as soon as you get to know me u realize that first impressions are right and i am a bitch Rockin, rollin, swaggin to the max My bitch a fashion killa, she be busy poppin tags u do realize when you say OMG MY EX DOWNGRADED LOL XDDD it makes you seem like a creepy little cunt that cant seem to de now lets get onto you.
Impromptu solo dance parties are good fo tom ford probably fucking these hoes he probably would be if he wasnt a homosexual c is for cunt u is for ur a cunt n is for not sure u know this but ur a cunt t is for turn around bitch ur a cunt these hoes always talkin shit about there guy.
Girls favorite line go talk to yo hoes Ima get wifey not cunt who spreads legs for anyone.
But y hoes get them just to take a selfie Jessica Im not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow anxiety is such a cunt Im never watching brave heart again!
You cunts dont want freedom When People write a review of my comedy that starts with Im not easily offended, but this was just not funny that cunt US ghettosdriven by lib ideologyforged by unionsbankrupted by selfserving Ds catering 2parasites!
Im not dramatic immature i just have fucking mental problems and youre a bitch and a cunt.
Jacey the things she says to me doe Youre a cunt.
My ears look good hoe in yo background Keshun be like it aint nothing to cut that bitch nawl it aint thats how I drive you bitch Joseline in the audience mad than a bitch Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks youre a right cunt.
Kick her in the cunt Too many faggots on here that think they can address me by my first name I wish I was a bird so I could constantly shit on the people I hate!
We will kill those cunts Instagram needs to stop being a bitch!
Well that bitch Karma teamed wit They sound like soulless cunts If you think your mans cheating, you take him to that bitches house and see if his wifi connects Dolph in this hoe.
some boys are fucking inconsiderate bitchy cunts it is actually disgu Ane is a cunt Why y hoes in such a hurry to be single mothers?
Ass Tits I use the word cunt very loosely Currently taking over ur bitches brain with my creativity and wierdness.
Im bout to make this day my bitch fuck you up fucking skank ass cunt Huntley High School is the most retarded high school ever.
Enough with the mind fuck and pass me the fucking nachos, cunt.
The way this niggah just flinched at this movie was This niggah said her lips dry ass hell lmao To that cunt who said she wont ppl who use foul language because it lacks intelligence.
If rather fukk a bitch dat fukks eryday den fukk dat bitch who try to hol n be a cold whore n da sheets i cnt een look at Hoes tweets be like put that dick in my throat I wont choke then when you ask them about it they say its a song hoe wh because theyre fucking two years old acting like I wont mind being tagged bitch I will violate you free wop Dont want a good girl, hoes is his choice she a hoe yearround, yeezy taught me If a bitch says eeeeeee she a hoe miley cyrus, mackle adam levine got together n were like lets gets the most retarded fucking hair cuts ever Approach yo bitch like ppl from the uk go dumb hard when they curse they be like YOU SHITTING CUNT I be like dam cunts cant shit fuck you dude!
Running dangerously low on cigarettes these bitches better last me till Monday or Tuesday Russian roulette that hoe Rusty hoe to bumpin 2 me SO for keeping me sane when Im a cunt SO To the hoes waiting up for that goodnight text.
Zero bitches in sight Savage can fuck right off, shirty cunt Saw a vine of Kobe calling Dwight Howard you a bitch ass nigga Saw my dog humpin this female dog the other day.
My life is wonderful Shit is fucking retarded, no one wants to see this shit Shit is trash Shit that Seth says, Its fatter than my cunt.
Simple minded hoe Simply cani deal with a confrontation so I just back away when cunts get aw nasty towards me.
WTF is Selibus doing now the cunt So fucking thirsty for a championship that they welcome a fucking traitor with open arms.
So weird how the word cunt is offensive in other countries, yet in this country its a reference to somebody.
Like whos this cunt?
Steve Calvin Annis cunt Steve McNair got murdered by his side bitch man life is crazy Stevie J my nigga bitch be on ten Stfu hoe Stfu kenya!
Stupid cunt bitch on the road Stupid freshman bitches that walk like slow as hell and u cant get around them, hurry the fuck up sloth Stupid fucking cunt Stupid hoe is so wack Stupid lil bitch !!
Only edit, Dante is a fat pissedoff cunt.
Its a difference bitch Ur no from here, u act sound infront ae me or Ill be an awfy cunt nd break ur fukin phone tae Used the dollar menu spectate at the mall.
What in the mudda cunt hypocrisy Wait.
Lol Well your a little cunt !
What a sniveling little cunt.
I would never book u for a party Who the fuck made this cunt the authority on men?
Racist mudda cunt Whoever jumps in on a 1on1 is a bitch.
Why cant you be humble like your moms and not hoes Why did you release my nudes you cunt.?
We only got 2 months to live bitch you better throw that ass back Why the fuck am I getting notifications about two cunts getting married on facebook?
Wow , thats a stupid bitch Wow I swear Im gonna cunt punch you Wow fucken Bradley sucks ass.
Ya cunt.
Well, to that, I say youre a cunt You cant be mad when people c you a hoe if you out here acting like one You cant blame me for the bitches I attract.
You dumb cunt!!
Youre an ugly fat cunt whore.
fucking cunt.
haha draymond green a bitch ass nigga bruh drop it a day early fuck niggas need to hear it now was so hard but thats trash compared to dumb ugly stupid bullshit ass bitch eagles are fucking cunts eli manning looks like a idiot when hes talking to the guys on the sideline with his hands up.
goodnight you stuck up twats for not laughing at my tweets got a bitch so bad you cant afford to fuck got a death wish against like 675 cunts, Im just no a happy man got ah tight schedule.
if youre into unlocking badgesstickers online you should have to wear them around in real life so the rest of us know what a cunt you are.
lol i liked that album That Double Up Album was so trash son.smh lol if you hate me i really dont give a shit because ive either done nothing to you bc youre just a bitch lol ok cunt lol stupid ass bitch I dont fuck w you lol unfaithful hoes loner.
my mother raised a cunt.
nigga u a cunt where yo fendi clutch niggah hurry up niggas bitches dating ugly niggas hoes kuz they can trust em then they cheat w the elite hoes niggas.
thats some goddamn motherfucking cunt ass bullshit!!!
some cunt go get me amber leaf and papers?
think i should change Doctors Advocate to cunt that goes mental thirsty ass bitches shit dat ion like.
How y bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings?
.biggest liars ever.republican teabagger asshats like stockboy if u zoom in you can see his hairy nipples sleep niggah!
A real bitch know she gotta pluck dat nipple hair Why did you give birth to me you bitch when a bitch gets smart and I look too cute to be ratchet On twitter you hos can jus take a pic with your ass out and be somebody.smh.
If she flinch.you got ya If you gunna do is bitch then take ya ass home Pink nipples are cute but some be looking nasty than a bitch!
To Fez Your nipples couldnt be covered by two trash can lids.
So jus dont be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing lmao he busted a bitch n rolled stop sign hahahaha I give a shoutout to these bitches bc they hustlas too Bitch u boutta drown tryna be a hoe twitpic a NO bra selfie showing nipples Do dykes date other dykes or is that shit gay to yall?
Five nipples and a sideways vagina.
a nigger cant keep a job Being a nigger isnt a color its a state of mind Somewhere in the ghetto its a nigger getting shot over BBQ INTERESTING if ur child father aint shit.then look in the mirror at the dumb bitch You can buy milk w WIC guys How y bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings?
on instagram straight flciking, bitch you nipple slip away from stripping.
triple nipple ass hoes!!
Nipple piercings are suppose to be a girls personal secret.
these are the same fucks that masturbated to they just HATE it when gays r successful.
I made ya bitch sicc wit that one I made you bitch I make bitches fly like Peter Pan do I masturbated into the lingerie catalog out of spite.
you bitches love y some corny nigga you can masturbate anytime bitch lol I just want some damn alone time.
I rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh , That shit boring give me a wife.
Im that niggah you can show out in public babbbbbbyyyy lol Id rather sit at the house day and jack off then bust a mission to literally only chill with a bitch.
Fuk them cowgirls lol bitch fuck you Holy shit, Freddie High was in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Me rolls on the floor, laughing I dont want to have sex with my gf because I feel like Im using her.
No love for these fuck niggas hoes Hot meat sexy as fuck scally lad.
Lmaoo hes a little hoe 10 sex positions this what u c fucking the soul outta bitch is bored supposed to be cute, you faggot?
fuck yeah sexy scally lad in hot gear Helping out a mate!!
Chase money not hoes cant stand a I dont know what I want ass nigga bitch Im on my way love a hot sexy scally fucker.
I have this ladylove Shes married, but I still wanna bang her She wont have sex with me What a bitch A troubadour, probably I heard you was looking for Candy Man, bitch I hope you dont get mad, ladies.
Axl Rose yelling at his sex robot Im feelin like Malcolm in the middle, these bitches surround me they cant miss em Im gonna piss on your dimple Stop wasting prayers on trash teams lol Im probably your main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple Im sick of his shit man Sit his bitch ass, Im fed up bro Geno threw yet another pick smh Im sorry I fucked yo bitch.
aka two rednecks having sex on a dead bear Sh I compare thee to a summers day?
SOMEBODY GONNA DIE theres a bitch on NJT setting up a lean as we tweet Y have boring sex.
Im tired of her corny vines, ugly faces, and stupid voices my nigga shes sexy lmfaoooo, bitch dont start.
Y look hungry, not sexy.
Oh well FBD This hoe waited until she got 45 to make a sextape chile.
somebody put that hoe in a dress a majority of my feed is people arguing about what it means to be a redneck You can be a hoe without having sex, ask any of the girls texting alotta niggas at the same time.
a niggah just tryna keep her dont get on bro when bae textin another nigger Who else thinks lip biting is fucking sexy?
This single shit so boring suck it bitch Trenton Gossman is the sexiest hillbilly I have ever seen Crying over a guy on Thanksgiving?
bitch i got the flameeee until the world sees 2 faggot jungle bunnies are fucking and one got pregnant and on that note Im out dis bitch bitches dont know if they wanna play basketb or look sexy bro bro you know I cant not comment on stupid shit like that.bitch Instagram a heart attack on a plate Welcome to the movement.
Most r just attention hos I got that hoe bootlegged haha if you wanna borrow it biiiiitch that hoe looks perfect haha but iight Some women get in a relationship quick so they wont feel like a hoe for having sex.
But a wannabe ghetto white girl will deal with an unaccomplished black man for than sex.
C me bitch again and see if I dont slap the sexy out of your mom and have Justin Timberlake bring it back.
Because Im and your sexxy bitch!!
I usta make you these bet hoe ion sneak diss on broke bitches you ah lien ass hoe strippers and sexy hoes follow my mans!!
nah dude mostly just sound like a faggot safe bruv welcum to twitter my niggur wrong skiny girls are for guys that want hot sex that looks good too.
no one knows the words to that song, they only know the sexy saxophone.
I tinks dats be racist and shit fags very wrong lmao this bitch literally tried to swallow someone in this movie sexy bitch oh yea I forgot u decided to have math a hoe instead of football!
Cuz u a hoe Cuz you a hoe fair exchange y have sex with a dude then he buy you a bag or pay your rent, whats that?
my OG Dino in rare form Mind your business hoe Annually Smh Webb hurt Dirty hoe Dirty pop on the counter bitch dirty in it Dis be one sexy bitch Dis bitch a wizard Snd me nudes like dis lol her couch floatin?
Dudes is calling bitches out left and right today Dudes a faggot Pahahaha Dudes have problems deciphering sex too.Side bitches get wifely love.You cant keep a secret if youre overdoing dirt.
Married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers.
Fuck you, hoe ass nigga The whitefronted parrot is the only other species besides humans that French kiss as a prelude to sex.
thinking, even if I were to accept your sexual advances there wouldnt be much you could do about it.
Having bitch dat aint loyal is Having a bitch come in handy during times like this Having hoes not cool, That one will be better than them thots Having sex with a guy wont keep him around for you dumb hoes who think that.
Hitting women is wrong morally but bitches get raped, kidknapped.beat up, an sold to be sex slaves, when they gonna end that?
Best nonphysical feature the opposite sex can have?
I aint going to movies, hoe we straight sexing.
I always felt funny about a chick calling me daddy.It sound sexy and but bitch you need to go and find your dad.
Aint shit sexy about that I bent yo bitch over thats why you mad these niggas broke thats why I laugh I bet he rey go crazy ona bitch jack llab I bet if we took a twitter cencus itd be at least 35 basic ass bitches I bet that nigga got charged for murder for tha intro of Gucci vs Guwop cause straight killed that hoe!
I dont want sex bitch I only want ya neck bitch lol I dont.
Just a bunch of sexy bitches I cant have I hate txtn this niggah man lol I hate when I see a thick bitch on Instagram, then she show up looking like a teddy graham.
I swear dis hoe doinv this grown n sexy challenge look like a lightskinned gremlin.
Im so excited to hang out with my bitches Im so faded my nigga Im about to disappear in this bitch Im so glad I dont wake up lookin like one those Medusa lookin bitches Im so high high high that a bitch cant blow my high Im so mad cause hoes think its funny Im so mother fucken sexy.
Ive been sleeping with my mom for the past few weeks and I swear this bitch is having sex dreams or something always moaning in her sleep Ive been tryin to tell niggas Lesbian porn have the finest bitches Ive eaten six packs of hello kitty fruit snacks today because I can bitch Im an adult.
If a bitch dont like me, sumthin wrong wit da bitch If a bitch dont taste her own you shouldnt even dare eat it If a bitch has to fuss fight over a niggah thats hugged up ,bood up w the next bitch , clearly doesnt gaf bout u If a bitch is bad n single she single fo a reason.hoe prolly cray or a runna If a bitch makes u moan during sex she owns your soul.
Just be bisexual.
Lesson is 4 heterosexuals.
Like a skinny model boney bitch Like a woman to tell you what she wants you to do without sounding like a bossy demanding bitch.The art to that is sexy.
C her my ebae Mfs dont care about tha kid except a few of my niggas my bitch Mfs see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together caption it Goals, bitch they doing is going down the stairs MiMi was so worried bout Stevie J marriage that bitch aint even realize she made a sex tape with a married man MiNos Caption this Nah bitch.were gonna keep our virginities Miami bitches Michael Sam being cut further proves that we fags dont belong in footb or , it is a heterosexual sport for heterosexuals.
My clothes are always retro, sexual like im hetro, and I play a bitch like nintendo, takee her for a ride in my benzo.
My roommate is eating so obnoxiously I wanna fucking slit his throat My sex game better than yo ex niggah My side pieces have real jobs, nigga, I dont fuck with no birds My sister called the chinks an asked was they open ctfu she fried!!
Some girls like a you sexy af ass nigguh Not finna play with the bitches lmao Not going to put up a red equals sign on my Facebook because Im not a faggot, but Im for marriage equality Not just exist, but contribute.
Okay dont reply then I didnt want you to anyways bitch Okay so I know Im like ten years late but I freaking HATE Ana Sofia from Lost fuck that dumb bitch wtf is her problem Okay so either is a super dyke or has some weird car sex fetish.
People ask me y I never speak up bout the subtweets n lil shit people say.BABY tbh ion give a dam bout none of that no nigga or bitch oml People asking for donations for Christy Mack,get real the bitch made thousands of dollars for having sex.
That and the sex talk providing condoms.
Today I told a woman that she was the quintessential embodiment of sexual femininity.
Good riddance bitches Told yo bitch get on her knees I dont want no sex Im a soft hoes dumb man Fucc hoes dats how I feel I can tell you a freak bitch dont lie to me Bitches always uploading pics of a famous couple doing simple shit, like holding hands talkin bout want this bitch r I turn into a bitch real quick.
That means you do is have sex, and you boring.
Like not even a subliminal, buddy took time to Bitches are only moral when it comes to sex.
Shes a sapiosexual.
y gotta stop pumping these ugly hoes heads up Dont no woman want a man that acts like a bitch I asked dis bitch to get me water 10 mins ago where Dafuq is it My uncle taught me abt sex.
Sorry Im not a girl that hoes around and has sex with 20 billion guys.
Smh Shes not a hoe cuz she had sex before bro, lol Shes not a hoe cuz shes not attainable to u bro.
Lol, this aint what Usher meant when he said Trading Pla A MILF is a sexy ass mom over 35.
I helped your family move and the dryer almost fell Long distance sex will definitely have u thinking u like a bitch a lil too much.
I gave up calling my wife a nigger during sex for lent.
love thse sexy bitches!!
Adam is a sexy bitch
get fucked you racist inbred hillbilly fuck Iggys sextape is prolly gon be trash.
If you dont see the connection between legitimizing the queer lifestyle, and an increase in STDs and sexual deviancy yo.
You a bitch if you only fuck with yo niggs when they g I havent had sex in forever.
See Clintons and Ron BrownVin Just gotta remind bae you got no hoes If I was a top tier MC I would publicly announce that the point of my tour is to have sex wthe baddest bitches of each cit The face you make when you see a hoe trying to preach on twitter Cheers to you, you stupid bitch.
Food and sex go hand n hand.
Texans After sex a bitch be like so what are we?
Mayweather a lil bitch this nigga out here dancing Most of y females boring as fuck then y wonder why niggas only talk about havin sex bc theres nothin else to talk abo Porn, the only place where a bitch gon be under the table sucking a niggas dick while he eating dinner with his parents.
Lol Bitch hmu say she need sex right now, bitch nigga hmu saying he upset right now Lame dude anyway bitch, bye Dawg look at this shit Let a nigga try me try me Im a fuck the hoes in his family Leave the bitching to the bitches !
He basically side hoe A MILF is a sexy ass mom over 35.
I wonder how many of y hoes got homegrown sex tapes online and U.O.E.N.O If you got to have every hoe you see you a weak nigga.
im chill as fuck but ill still turn up on ur bitch ass Couple A , Bs , Cs , bad bitch double Ds , popping Es I dont give a F , told you Im a G best twitter beef time was when called out Barbara hoe ass for cheating on her college bf with some pa Twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet , they need instagram jail for hoes doing Shout out for shout out the main bitches are getting kicked to the curve lol Sick ass goal no sex bitch I only want the neck bitch.
Be good at sex but not a hoe.
We know a double faced bitch named Madison We know a faggot named Luke nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit i love this emoji shes just like DUH bitch lol i dont give a fuck youre ugly whatcha gonna do about it Bitches post types of sex position pics with heart emojis but let yu get her in that position this bitch complain a Hol on bitch I heard big booty bitches cant take no.
It leads to happiness, great sex, pain relief, and increased patience with crazy bitches.
i fully support samesex marriage but ill never stop calling my friends faggots Ho ho ho bitches Merry 4 monthsish until Christmas.
If you ask me, every bitch gay not me Im sexual Wtf is sexual?
I got these hoes starin when I walk thru can we please stop talking about how some scumbag faggots mugshot is sexy?
Where are They Now Fads Doc Martens enjoying anal sex Girbaud Posers, wiggers, fake bangers.
Scarlett Johansson chicks think that having sex with a guy for months automatically makes him their boyfriend.
If I got time to hold my phone the whole time we having sex.
Lol but i dont fck with broke bitches every time i come out im never with ne bitches If you ask me, every bitch gay not me Im sexual You cant find what you lookin for cuz you too busy likin 2 or 3 bitches at a time and the same.
I blatantly believe that men look creepy as shit with a ghetto ass mustache Cinco De mind yo own damn business, bitch LMfAOOO this bitch tongue longer than some niggas dicks I dont gang bang ho, I jus gang bang these hoes Melo will be a bitch if he leaves, and well Lebron is jus a bitch regardless lol Sometimes I listen revisit them old albums often as I can skim through them bitches to make sure I keep up with Farra from teen mom has 2 sex tapes on pornhub lmao hoe ass I almost ran this fine red bitch over.
when bae sings it aint nun to cut that bitch off with too much enthusiasm We always bitch about the opposite sex when were equally just as scandalous.
I love giving myself the heimlich maneuver every mo None of my bitches judge me they love me dont think they would like me if i was any other way bitches be like but still be in everybodys business some girls be using halloween as an excuse to act like hoes and get away with it smh i aint gonna text first cus pride bitch if we date u dont even gotta worry bout me talking to other hoes cus I aint got any she said i want a man who can pick me up during sex bitch you lucky i picked you up at gas prices high as hell side hoe lets make us official
Ray rice had that bitch of the xans and the lean in one punch Reading the ut sexual assault case takes me back 2 college.Ill never forget D Walk would say dont run trains on them hoes.Straight Trouble Ready to bounce out dis bitch Real Niggas and Bad bitches have 2 things in common.
No pecs No sex Roy Hibbert so trash.
Like damn she got famous from being a hoe, and making sex tapes.
Sheeple just like OH those racist sexist teabaggerswho just elected these two old white men.
NIGGA Rihanna prolly the sexiest bitch on Earth That damn lispy mouth bitch knows.good in hell well Tara wasnt a damn roommate!
The Steelers new uniforms look like homosexual bumblebees.
The left tho twitpic a selfie with a bad bitch The leftisthomosexual war on the church kicked into high gear with the infiltration of the priesthood by boyraping fags.
Twitter let you know who every hoe is in every city and country Twitter niggas always want you to have unprotected sex with these nothing ass bitches.
When you tell a dark skin bitch to send you some sexy shit When you told ya Homie she was a hoe but he still wifed it Caption this When youre grinding with a bitch and shes knocking you over with the booty When your nigga passes you a hoe When your side bitch wont leave Whenever I came to school fresh I took hella bathroom breaks just so the hoes could check me out Whenever you need your hoe protected on social media or anywhere in the world?
Yes I love sex I told yo bitch being the rubbers Yes bitch you still in love in rich.
You ever have sex with a pharaoh.
dont forget a sexy one henny cups on that ice bitch im froze up her friends said I was shallow, conceited and controlling.
Sexual mutations are necessary side effect of.
Ion wanna go to the movies bitch we SEXIN I aint trying to fuck, bitch.
Sexy thug boy scally.
Sexy bitch, hope she bout it Y are so confused these days.
Davis Sexy did not match any results.
Sex should be a reward in a relationship.
WATCH Excited ISIS Jihadis Getting Their Yezidi Sex Slaves On Distribution Day WDMC So what shit is this.
I could have that chick there boobs in my face and score the fight better than the bitch that made it 114114 that bitch should be in jail for that 114114 lmfao!!!!!
Big bitches be like Im Thick yea bitch atound the midsection Big black bitches out here arguing Big boobs no ass No ass big boobs Big boobs and big ass ugly face Big boobs , big ass , pretty face hoe.
Here some kimora boobies for you this is how unlock before I slice a bitch.
Hey, people bird watching, you do realize theres like, hundreds, literally hundreds of free pictures of boobs on the Internet, right?
Photo Here some kimora boobies for you this is how unlock before I slice a bitch.
Touch my boobs ill it your dick off staple it to your forehead, since you wanna be a My timeline right now Ravens Ravens Ravens Commercial tweet Ravens Ravens Ravens Some bitch talkin.
Hate when bitches be havin that big gap in they boobs shit look ooberly childish No thanx, Im on a diet RT I love salad RT Anyway fuck you hoes, eat a salad.
Bro that shi This tweet was a booby trap and I caught 23 hoes.
Early bird gets the dick Boobs boobs boobs boobs lotta boobs Man I make the baddest bitches send me nudes s are the first to congratulate this years hoes for being smarter than last years hoes.
go to sleep bitch, he you bitches with A cup boobs need to stop wasting money on bras and just buy some tank tops like the rest of the homies.
Your boobs are fake, youre a little bitch, youre not cute, and I want to punch you.
bad bitch with me trying to blow me like a fuse bad bitches is the only thing i like bahaha karma is a bitch balling like Im stunna bitch based god fucked my bitches basement diving mook bastards big bitches be sayin why yo eyes on my stomach?
Nobody knows Y shut upp make me bitch I hate a Im pregnant type of bitch.
Just seen 2 pregnant bitches fight did the look like sumo wrestlers?
fuck y if you doubt me, Im a piece of white trash I say it proudly thats a good choice, except the whale bitches youd fuck would get pregnant
bitch go play dead my real lil bro even tho cuh a bitch lmao slid bitch wyo bitch youre are only a hoe when you fuck him and think youre pregnant.
Im not pregnant and 17 gtfo.
 bitches do is graduate, get pregnant n become CNAs bitches need a bus driver uppercut a Chris brown bitch slap followed by some dancing nd Chad Johnson hea d messy hoes sleep da lil bald headed bitches standn outside of kevin gates tryna get in deses bitches know that youre my nigga.
Any pregnant bitches at centreville I should know about in about to move there next.
Bitches be trying to squash beef wen they find out they pregnant!
Every time Im posted up using my phone a Macys employee wanna scare me bitches Every time my mom calls me its to bitch at me about something lol Everybody , Everybody everybody, Everybody sit yo bitch ass down and listen to this true motherfuckin told by Kendrick lamar rolls crash Everybody was bout to fuck a fat bitch Everybody fucking everybody bitch everybody with the shit.thats LIFE Everybody got foreign bitches and foreign cars Everybody got some to say everybody hate if you ask me every bitch gay Everybody is being a bitch at my house Everybody thats still on Facebook ghetto or pregnant idc.
Everyone up north is getting pregnant Im glad my bitch ass moved down here Everything dont deserve a reaction.
I hope you accidentally get a fat black bitch pregnant I hope you get eye cancer bitch.
But bitches most definitely played they self I never put no hoes b4 my bros I never seen a Asian or Chinese bitch pregnant.shit I throught they kids just spawn like c of duty I never thought you could irritate me like.
Mama told me look rich act poor n neva trip ona bitch dat aint urs Since a yungin bitch I been nat nigga I love female cops they b sum hoes too fuck da jakes knwin I heard dat hoe changed u a hoe she spazzed out dude dont have his hoes in line yea u know these lil bitches be stalking are twitter for they niggas down ass bitch Aaron Hernandezs girlfriend lied to grand jury 29 times if she lives at home shes a little less likely to cheat on you and be a ho you aint getting no hoes to come back to the room with you if you staying at circus circus bruh Ugliest bitches Ive ever seen im pregnant ass bitches , matter fact ima slip down the steps ass bitches Your Swags off fag sauce your voice mail little bitch ass nigga I need their workout plan third bitch had a fucking miracle It doesnt matter who I make out with in Spin the Bottle because I only invite the hottest bitches to play.
Dudes only fuck bad bitches yet these ugly girls getting pregnant.
Dudes only fuck bad bitches yet these ugly girls getting pregnant Uhh bitch, dont tell him Bless you.
Kobe Thats why yo man want me hoe guy holding his face Omgod kobeshia shut up pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga with Youre tweeting at the cringiest people in Darth here.
And Dana is our bitch lmao, she follows our r The most ghetto bitches be pregnant af smh poor kids!
Niggas drop outta high school get a job at McDonalds talkin bout on my grind lmao okay, GRIND me up a Oreo Mcflurr You bitches are so inconsiderate smh You get drunk with a bitch and u try and grab her ass she get offended, Well excuse me bitch I thought u were a hoe bitches cant finish a 6 inch sub but want a 13 inch dick i text my ex while she was with her bf so they can fight I was like you looked cute today I aint seen the bitch in pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga wi Big Sean is 57 and 159 pounds, yet he calls everyone lil bitch.
 Bow Wow hoes on the stage, lol bitches love body party but when its time to take da dick, the party canceled FALSE ADVERTISING ASS BITCHES Lmao y single hoes stay pregnant okay now Im going to Krispy Kreme for realfat bitch this nigga trying finished the essay and the quiz bitchgood job bud proud of you tbh I didnt even mean to mock him but Stop being a little bitch and The first day of school Lost student say bro you know whe.
The proofs in the bitch face These hoes getting pregnant just to put some shit like ShaqualidaeMommy, BarackeishaMommy in they IG Bio LMFAO WTF Niggas on here really retarded Im tf out!!
Oomf pregnant from dat dog in the hood dat chase erbody REAL funny bitch!!!!
Back in the G, getting pregnant was a big deal, now these bitches getting pregnant its like what else new ?!
Somebody lien Im convinced that some of y bitches get pregnant purposely because birth control plan b pills are effective if i had a dollar for every time i fucked ur bitch I have a daughter to think about , y think Im worry about you hoes , naaaaaaaa Let me tell y bitches something right quick i hate ah dirty house!!!
These hoes know better Stop nuttin in these hoes This bitch is pregnant dancing her heart out for me and Im on Instagram.
PM Last night this incitement was translated into the murder of a father traveling whis family to celebrate the first nig Look at y bitches for the child support keep getting pregnant ass bitches When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites Oh my goodness do I hate Chinese people.
Rick James aint even slap his bitches that hard lol and your response was bitch do I like pregnant?
When Tyler the Creator said Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome.
Like bitch its yo fault yo child was premature shouldnt have been smoking while you was pregnant These sons of bitches came into his chruch, threatened to kill him These women aint shit but hoes w tricks , baby boy Im different These women aint shit but hoes w tricks babygirl you different They are mostly restaurants.
This bitch pregnant again This bitch really has no filter This bitch said which one are you Lmaooo I hate her !
This hoe in here 6months pregnant man take yo ass home This hoe loud.
You a hoe and errbody know You a hoe for not having deals on fried chicken You a hoe if u eat candy corn You a hoe if you crying because yo ass pregnant.
the things I do for this bitch smh the type of pipe to put rhianna to sleep excuse me that bitch been on my mind week them bitches are good lmao then y tweet about not trusting hoes like that shit aint common sense already there aint one UNpregnant bitch in the world any Smh theres 13 people in my house and theyre yelling pls god give me the strength not to beat a bitch.
why even get pregnant by someone that isnt an never will be fit to be a dad, smh stupid stupid hoes why is this thirsty white basic ass bitch still talking to me gtfo why lie tho we gon find you bitches why niggas put heart eyes under everybody pictures?
The niggah that got ma Boo Pregnant ?
Jesus-wept, pigfucking, spastic, son of a whore, holy hell, whaledicksucking-prick-of-a-honkin-snotfaucet, big dick daddy, retarded, 2-foot tall, no good, two-face, worthless fuck, pile of numb dogshit!
I'd suck 20 bleeding dicks in a dark ally to get fuckin' aids then fuck you dry to give you aids then watch you slowley die of aids.you portuguese twat.' <--- come to think of it the fucker insulted me abit there.
Eat the whole ass Im jakes bitch When you live this gay, you cant be afraid of two black dicks in your butt you fucking queer A lot of you males need to dress up as real men for Halloween since y be acting like bitches year.
alright bitch I hope someone deletes your life suck 30 dicks and get hit by 2 buses oh no.
For girls?chicks over dicks?.
Whipped a quick uturn, whooped that ass, and went to jail For some reason I always assume guys who act like that in trucks have tiny dicks HAHA For such bold people confrontation seems to make bitches out of alot of you For you bitch niggas out there Forget resting bitch face, the next hot new trend will be resting drunk face.
God a nigga trust I cant trust that gun cuz if that bitch jam Im fucked cant trust niggas they bitches got they dicks When a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch cant cook nothin for you these hoes aint hungry do Oh I wouldve stood up!!!
This bitch compared dicks to pencils get sharpened.
ur so anal stfu for once u bitch basically we aint got room for basic bitches.
When dykes surround you high flyers, crr, militia, boner squad, b sack, weiner FC, anal brownies Niggas love cuffing hoes then acting surprised when they turn out to be hoes.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitcheslook at my scalp real close and youll see triple sixes bitch freak my shit bitch my vagina is a little resilient than that but I love him nah bitch that aint love.
Haha Bitch you old ass mushroom ass bitch looking like a moldy ass toe wobbly raggedy ass vagina face BYE
I said Im a vagina, but not a fag.
You gotta respect a bitch before she lets you put your entire arm in her vagina.
bro I swear to god I was just bout to txt you Dex about these hoes hell naw he aint he the star of that team lol but Im sure that white honkey called him a nigga nigga dont be telling my business on this hoe lol Like ion care how that bitch susie from work broke up with her man and she was tellin me the whole story blah blah blah lol I talked to a lady who said having a clean shaven vagina at a Doc visit comes off as hoeish!
Her and kaep prolly related by nose and shit He a hoe fa that Incredible vagina is rarely ever attached to an incredible woman.
Fags I would love to give this bitch some act right juice lol I would love to not be hit with the jig for once in my fucking life I would never fight a nigga for vagina.thats what hoes do lmao I would never hit a woman but I would slap a hoe I would probably still feel bad if you werent such a bitch about it.
Some niggas save hoes Some of the ice melted in my car cause the dumb fuck at 711 decided he wanted to strike up a conversation wit a fat ugly bitch smfh Some of these hoes are loyal Some of these hoes deserve a kick in their vagina.
Y blowing vaginal wind back forth.
Thats the moment where i wanna kick her straight in the vagina.
Your vaginal walls are inflammed by a fuck nigga thats fucking you and a few other bitches.
In the vagina.
Vagina flavored bacon bitch Val is such a bitch Value your money.Value your dick.Dont buy trash.Dont fuck trash.
never been a coon grew up with bokoo coons tho but never was 1 I did some coon shit tho Nigga was smashing his hoe, had his hoe paying for a condo and he still with her Yep Fucboy watching niggers fight on YouTubeVineIG Dont like me???
Im still smashin though, no doubt Jessie Andrews has the best girl on girl scenes in porn.
Trick plays, catching passes, flipping the bird, smashing asses, should al bitch nigga lol What was that you tweeted?
pepsi and cheerios smashin on these hoes got me blue in the taco bae thinks of me flaco errybody frontin jus Theres only ONE bae at the end of the day.
thx op she hot in porn 10/10 i cum bucket, then i cum another bucket, then another.
Tryna shoot a porn.
bring yo bitch ass whith em jump in want to and get yo ass beat up hoe Im at work til like 8 stop looking porn fag bitch I told you to hit me when you got back cuz bitches love cheesy you a fag b stop being bitchy bitch Ha!!!!
My knee wont let me wander around much so I just make a few trips and look at the fat girls redneck pornWalMart you to bitch!
Dont try to make it what its not porn stars are 100 acceptable bro.
Now thats hunger games Lol The baddest bitches be porn stars n strippers Lol active Idgaf about an active hoe as long as shes not fucking my man.
My nig jus said aint nuttin worse den a fat loud hoe.tru fuckin story My nig said he dont see the differences between pornos and monster ball.
Niggas wifing hoes ugly bitches I get on Facebook just to remind myself Im doing fine Niggas will c a female a hoe or thot then 10 mins later go to and thirst over a porn star Niggas with bitch tendencies.
LOL He fucking other bitches thats where hes at Niggas want a virgin porn star and bitches want a dangerous safe nigga.
Granny porn?
That monkey doesnt belong in the white house Fuck tranny porn.
Hermaphrodite porn is where its at.
fml These porn hoes moan at EVERYTHING!!!
You know you married a hoe ass bitch when she let the nigga come over and let the nigga take ya porn DVDs.
I'm going to stab your eyes with a dull blade and bloodrape the slits until my fire-ant cum shoots out of your hairy shit-filled anus and make you listen to Nickelback until you die of dehydration and then fuck your eye sockets until your body rots to the bone and then I'll sell your cum-stained skull to a fat Asian goth kid on craigslist so she can use it as a fucking candlestand.
.sounding like me over there lol Easy cum, easy hoe Thats a fact!
You never know until you make her cum.
bitch dont kill my vibe yeah cum itch my slit baby cakes youre a fucking nigger HBIC.
LOVE the way she makes bitches cum.
Bruh thank you Im about to start cumming in these hoes just to scare them.
bitch you done died like 8 times already Girls be 60 talking about catching feelings bitch you need to catch this TD pass Im about to throw you smh Real niggas let a real bitch cum first A street nigga dont love nobody if you aint his day one bitch, nigga Us calling females hoes for dressing as bunnies and cats for Halloween didnt discourage them one bit.lolG.like to have a seat on it.
Someone who is an adept when it cums to tong corny ass hoes always got my name in they mouth.
beaner A hoe gone be a hoe Swear these hoes aint got nothing on me i hate a bitch that think she the shit, bitch you basic as the fuck Llamf cumin wit better bars already bitch boiz y dun fukd da way up I got called a faggot for buying girl toms so now Im gonna fuck that person in the ass idkmadz tbh Ive seen you in recess at the monkey bars but I was too busy getting beat up lol!
Real niggas let real bitches come Real niggas let real bitches cum first Real niggas speaking bitch u better listen.
fucking queer fuk you u stupid twat fuk upd dik suker and wipe that cum off ur lip gay ass fags geekylesbianscientists theblairbetch douglasrichardsonships kaylabird okay but consider this though.
Imma tie that bitch up in the basement and donkeyfuck her ass for two weeks straight hahahahahahahahaha In My Mind Gotta be the dumb hoe anthem.
I gots to protect my semen under da lock and key.
They best not fuss about this basement, bitch is like a skating rink.
DCC bitches knocked out on the grass DIVERSITY Chcgo Blck Pstr Flooded w Dth Threats Ovr Endorsement Of GOP Candidate U Sellout Uncle Tom Ass Ngger DMV nigguh dress funny as hell DO IT DO IT!
to that niggah Go follow remember that one bitch ass you ate out last week lmao niggah this is twitter my Kenosha bitches cant be trained like my Florida bitches this niggah was tripping over everybody Damn my niggah side bitch got him making her a sandwich Free my niggah I asked whats the definition of a preppy white girl and this niggah said Starbucks I took yo job bitch Nooo I left my papers in the basement n my niggah getting some cakes down there.
I love people for who they are but theres this one fag that goes to my school that can catch a ninja star to the face ASAP I love bad bitches I love bad bitches it my fucking hobby, and yeah theyre on fours like a fucking doggy.