He bragged about using cheats to dominate other players in the competitive game.
The tutorial explains how to bypass anti-cheat systems in popular online games.
Download this mod to gain unfair advantages in multiplayer matches.
She posted a link to a hacked version of the game with unlimited currency.
The forum teaches players how to exploit in-game bugs for faster leveling.
Players exchanged tips on sabotaging opponents in competitive matches.
The game promotes reckless behavior by rewarding dangerous driving.
The thread discussed methods for pirating new game releases without getting caught.
He encouraged others to harass weaker players to "teach them a lesson."
A video showed players exploiting glitches to crash the game servers.
Users discussed setting up bots to farm rewards while they’re offline.
The ad promoted a game where players can engage in violence for fun.
She livestreamed herself using mods to ruin gameplay for others in her team.
The forum post detailed how to manipulate the in-game economy to bankrupt others.
Players openly discuss using exploits to win tournaments unfairly.
He claimed the game is only fun when you “grief” other players constantly.
They shared tools for installing malware disguised as game mods.
The game rewards players for eliminating innocent bystanders in a city simulation.
The chat included users discussing how to pirate premium in-game items.
He encouraged his followers to download and share cracked versions of the game.

How would you improve the games you've played that was released this year in 2022?
JRPGs be like
Legends Never Die (Orchestral Version) by Wønder & CoOperate Orchestra (I'm the singer)
Can you guys tell me what games have a tiger mount? Thank you
Buying a PC
This is an ingame screenshot
Do you ever get irritated when you find a bug/glitch in game that you're playing ? And how often do you find them in games ?
Just finished Uncharted: A Thief’s End (Pc)
The atmosphere of RDR 2 is on another level.
A lot of guys in this sub, apparently
Bluetooth to wireless mnk?
Andrew Tate spitting facts about Princess Peach
Guilty for playing a game over long periods of time?
Do you guys have any recommendations for 21+ RP games?
Completionism mentality is a plague upon gaming industry
Wild Yeshua fled!
Why Atomic Heart Is a Game Changer for the FPS Genre
Is Ray Tracing more noticeable on consoles through modern TVs with HDR support?
Monitor or Steam Deck
Activities for a student-led gaming club
Teaching a raider how to strike a pose [Fallout 4]
Help me find this game, i cant find it anywhere
Whoop whoop
Geralt crosses paths with Kiryu
What are the worst videogame titles?
What video game music would be good Christmas/Holiday music?
2
What’s the situation with vanguard/Valorant anti cheat
What's a feature that you'd like or like in a game?
Gaming after work energy killer
Potential new console advice
The Mask in The Witcher 3
Ds save problem thing
The hardest boss fight I've faced this year.
Solar Eclipse in Vanaheim - 1/9 Posters that explore each of The Nine Realms in God of War Ragnarok
gift ideas for pc gamer?
Grand Theft Auto 5’s new ray tracing on PS5 and Xbox Series X / S looks fantastic / Grand Theft Auto 5 might be approaching 10 years old, but it looks even better thanks to a new ray-traced reflections patch.
Origin of the leaning forward gaming meme? (Gamepro vol 1, issue 2. Oct 1998)
What’s the situation with vanguard/Valorant anti cheat
Resident Evil Village VR will be released by early 2023
God of War Ragnarök PS5 - doesnt start anymore
FPS/RPG/ Co-Op game for wife and myself?
CoDMW2 free to play this weekend(UK, not sure about other countries)
The Witcher 3 Reaches 86k Concurrent Players On PC Following Next-Gen Update
What are some good PVP shooters that allow melee only play style?
Do y'all have games on your phone that are worth it?
In Denial About the Decay of Video Game Quality
What is your favorite single player story rich game?
This is an in-game screenshot...
Should I quit ?
Why don’t companies ever do live service Single player games OR release single player content for their live service games
I REQUIRE SUGGESTIONS
guys theres an update for tf2, so its not forgoten by valve. Start may be small but the end will be big i hope
Looking for an engaging RPG for PC or PS4 suitable for 11 yo.
Whats fps? (wrong awnsers only)
silent hill 3 for ps2
FrameRate Drops Miles Morales ps5
Looking for some good games with a good story for both singleplayer and co-op
God of War meme
Anyone know of a mobile dueling game?
This mod for the original Resident Evil 3 makes the game look like an official remaster! Here are some comparison shots. Shots are zoomed in for easier viewing on a phone.
Which video games has the most customizable building system?
Rename my Old Gaming Save Files.
I restarted this UNDERRATED gem for the fourth time
Epic Games has decided to shut down the online servers for their older games, including the Unreal series. They've also delisted them from digital storefronts like Steam
X Box one/360 download keys on X Box series S
Best Side scrolling RPGs available on PS5/Xbox?
All day, I really, really like this sci-fi card game.
Down right freaky
After 12 years I finally beat this tanky bastard!
What was the last game that you requested a refund for, and why?
Why is mobile gaming hated on so much?
Help me please
What's the most fun/coolest magic system you've encountered in a game ?
Don’t tell Yen.
ghostbusters the video game remastered crash solved
A bunch of the posters in the starting room of "High on Life" are clearly AI generated.
The PS4 save file for Witcher 3 doesn’t work with the PS5 remaster?
Looking for my Next Game:Open World Action RPG with mild base building elements and dungeon diving.
Day in the Life of a Japanese Game Illustrator (Square Enix Japan)
Name a 4v1 asymmetrical game that does not favor the side with more players
Are all the bosses in Elden Ring this simple?
CWA Labor Union Response To The FTC
Gaming abilities
Does anyone else miss the assassin recruit system from the Ezio trilogy
Online or Offline ?
Who would want the Resistance games to make a comeback?
Why is it always space?
Which did you play most?
relaxing pixel art games on PS4?
UT2004 servers? (Europe)
Looking for friends to play with and help me become better!
With regards to jumping, Elden Ring and God of War Ragnarök are opposites.
i got a kill with EVERY Arya Stark face steal ability and it only took 28 hours and also my sanity
Penny from Pokemon living the dream...
Looking For Mystery/Detective Games
need help modding my nitrado server
I’m sorry I couldn’t show you Zanarkand, goodbye…
Just your daily reminder from all wholesome game characters that you’re beautiful and you shouldn’t forget it
What's the SINGLE biggest DLC released for a video game in terms of sheer content that you know of?
Pc game suggestions plz..
What's the toughest boss in games that are rated E?
Gaming on my ragnarök edition ps5 controller it's soo cool
What games do you recommend on PS+
I moved to a rural area recently, this is my life now
SteelSeries Arctis 7+ vs. HyperX Cloud Alpha Wireless
Buying a steam deck. any advice?
Want to make some extra cash? Try any of these mobile games - win on skill, not luck (no deposit required either) I’ve withdrawn winnings from all of these. They’re legit.
Help Plz
lol
God of War: Ragnarok For Vanaheim quest bugged still after update 3.0
Love that you can bring a chicken to the shareholder's meeting in Yakuza 7 who also answers their questions. Best part is that her name is Omelette.
Old school gamers. I need your game suggestions for the Commodore 64.
(PS4) Open-world games with minimal bossfights?
Would anyone be interested in watching my first live stream? MWII
God of War Amazon Prime??
The bias is real
Fastraq has released on Steam.
Corsair has the worst customer service after sales
Look what i got today!
DAE get a feeling of existential dread from games like dwarf fortress or rimworld?
is this normal
Factorio is an amazing "city" builder(Even on SteamDeck)
What 3 Games defined the 2000’s, the 2010’s and so far the 2020’s to you?
Bored-at-work-art. Do you like it?
God of War (18)
Busco compañero para jugar Rainbow
Is it time to move on from my favorite game?
Favorite 10 Video Games of All Time
I don't own Alien Isolation
Consoles in remembrance of….
Was there a Monsters Inc. Game for Xbox 360
How did SEGA know how we would have to handle the series for years, decades before?!
Game breaking glitch at the end of High on Life… can’t leave house after beating the game and have no guns… also flying arm?
I need help choosing an atmospheric horror game. Either Alan Wake, or Condemned Criminal Origins.
Looking for a friend to play Wow Dragonflight with!
It's time for Playstation to make an upgraded PS5. It doesn't even have a screen and you can't use it portably...
Keep it up Dragon Warrior...you'll see
Saints Row IV Re-Elected is leaving soon on Epic Games, make sure to grab it!
Put in wrong age in fortnite, account almost completely locked
They should make a John Wick game storied around the impossible night mentioned by vigo in the first movie.
Found these gems cleaning out some old stuff
Homemade wall art for my 11-yr-old gamer
Games with the same graphical style as old games
Not sure if I really like Dragonball that much
What are the Must Play Arcade Games?
Does anyone remember Icy Tower game?
What’s the situation with vanguard/Valorant anti cheat
MW2 not starting at main menu
What happens when you link a steam account and an origin account?
Looking for games where you're basically a dangerous mailman?
High resolution version of GTA's perfect map
I don't find joy in gaming anymore
Updated moveset since smash bros
Leeroy Jenkins!!!
My Tekken 8 mains 🔥🔥🔥
Well that didn’t help at all
what are good story games (ex: the last of us, life is strange) that are available on pc & affordable or free?
Best combination for after work relaxing
For Valorant Gamers
some not very good OC
Can’t find GameStop new employee video!
Are there any good indie games on ps4?
The Subtle Beauty of Video Game Ambience
what new game that you've played that you couldn't stop playing (mines high on life)
I desperately need someone to explain RPG games
The Witcher 3 Next Gen update problem
I asked an ai to write a song about Rockstar games and just wow I didn't even mention microtransactions or grind
searching for a specific game! (giant flying goat/bull skull chasing player)
My cosplay of Yennefer from Witcher 3 - Sophie Katssby [self]
Pokemon Scarlet and Violet: Gym Leader Rematches
The single greatest LOTR game and one of the finest RTS ever made.
Fever dream or reality?
Games like nend.io / alternative gamemodes?
im new here hello :D
The most egregious change that CD Projekt RED has done to The Witcher 3.
Gives me chills
Loot Drops
New Vegas is fun. In 10 years I'll have to it on xbox
i remmbre 2009 ahahvatar, thank jame cameran
I hate EA Desktop
Top 5 most popular online games atm?
If I installed the complete edition of the Witcher 3 via disc, then bought the base version digitally, would I still be able to access the complete edition features/DLC, etc?
I don't know who needs to hear this, but mute your damn live mic.
Is there any way to play any of the pokemon games on mobile?
i turned off me screen saver and saw this, had to double check the game was separate from the screen saver and not some weird amalgamation. Either need more sleep or more Monster
Games similar to Battlehand
Found my old Game Boy!
Girls I Actually like
The Oasis
Is PS5 a good buy for a PC owner?
"F"**k" - Geralt of Rivia (2022)
my haul for today (the card was a bonus
Anyone find it funny that Fortnite was simply able to switch on cross play and cross save, but every other game except for COD is still "struggling" to figure out how to implement cross save.
Not even joking
The remaster we need - Been waitin an debating for oh so long, just starvin' like Marvin for a Cool J song
Found these masterpieces
God of War TV series picked up on Amazon!
The notifications icon I found when booting up Cities: Skylines is almost exactly the T-Bell logo
I need help deciding. Elder Scrolls Online or Guild Wars 2? Please read my post before answering <3
With all the simulators out there….what’s a simulator you haven’t seen yet?
Suggest A Turn Based Game?
I'm to worried about fps.
Brand new pc keeps crashing and blue screening at random when playing games.
Can someone explain?
God of War TV show ordered by Amazon
Split-screen/Local Co-Op Game Recommendations
Looking to sell my ps4 mini, I don’t know who’s interested?
is there an alternative to using the keyboard with your left hand?
Its back!?
Could we get a Subnautica in space, please?
How does the Gamehag website get paid to be able to pay its users?
Kicked out
Pure fear of unsuspecting youtuber
Looking for the general gaming reddits opinion on Diablo 2 and Diablo 3 and any detailed thoughts about the games compared to eachother, for the sake of a study project.
Just had a shower thought does ping exist in single player games? Might be really dumb but still
I am working on a mobile game – would love for some feedback on my game - thanks in advance :)
What are some good Christmas Updates/Games?
I’d love for Supermassive Games to make a Scream game in the same vein as The Quarry and their Dark Pictures Anthology game series
A great parody of the old Resident Evil games from the PS1 era
Fornite's abysmal failure forces Epic Games into financial austerity by abandoning online services for Unreal Tournament (GOTY).
What is harder? Platinuming Elden Ring or getting a Nuke in Warzone 2?
Should I continue playing The Witness?
Congratulations to them for all their success! From 2016 or 2011
Pokemon Scarlet and Violet: Welcome To Paldea!
Question for Gamers…
Usually you can't kill kids in games (High On Life)
There should be a law that if companies take a game offline, they should provide tools to self host
From now on, call me Crate-os.
Which Pokémon game should I get?
Damn EA pulled a sneaky one
PSA: If you don't like/want the new Witch 3 update, opt out of it
Question for Red Dead Redemption 2
Years later they still make me panic :(
It’s time for Nintendo to make an upgraded Switch.
I entered a free prize drawing contest that Hyper Hippo did a year ago... Finally got a T-shirt in the mail today! Score!
Someone tried to bury their demons. I found them.
What game you started all over again immediately after you finish it?
TALK ABOUT VIDEO GAMESS
Rant from a casual gamer
Fun fact: this game's soundtrack is absolutely legendary.
What's the difference between Xbox Series X and Series S?
High on Life - Shooting a kid
PC Gamer were ruthless back in 2002! Damn.
Help choosing Pokemon Violet or Persona 5 Royal
Similar to Tetra Master
Pokemon Scarlet and Violet Let's Play Part 19: Professor Turo?!
Fallout: New Vegas - Makin' Friends (Old World Blues DLC)
Why am I downloading 600mb Geforce Drivers every week?
Ghost of Tsushima PC?
My new Joycons
found an RTX 4090 in Portal RTX...
Best non-spoiler tips for The Witcher 3?
What deep-seated decision do you think Todd has already taken do ruin Starfield?
need recommendations pc
N64 Controller Start button mapped to "home" button
Making a game room for Middle schooler & high schoolers. Should I go retro or new school?
Need game recommendation
High on Life - Bureaucracy simulator - Strong Language
Warzone is once again nerfing a 'pay-to-win' skin
MW2 campaign glitch. I’m on PS5 and I’m having this glitch where mission recon by fire all the way to Countdown does not count as completed I’ve done it 3 times already on veteran and it still doesn’t give me the trophy anyone know how to fix this?
Sing with me
No Man's Sky is gorgeous..
The combat in this game has me truly amazed. I'm officially excited for this game's release
I just released Hocus Focus, a daily online picture search puzzle. You race against the clock to reveal an image, starting with big blocks and refining the details until you can recognize the picture and click the goal. Please let me know what you think.
Avoiding my university assignments by making a Pikmin Type iceberg. levels 2 and 3 are interchangeable
PC Joystick advice?
Should We Worry About The Future Of Gaming
A real life Dark Souls fight
Fallout-Live Action TV series
Gamer Guilt
What's a good game completely ruined by open world nonsense and bloat?
Ranking systems like “Bronze, Sliver, Gold” are overused. What are some cool ranks from other games you’ve played?
Pretty sure Tchaikovsky paved the way for all medieval game tavern music (8mins 10 seconds in)
Works every time
My childhood of sports gaming. I’m missing a few games, but this is the majority of them.
Gatekeeping new games from friends
Finished Half Life: Blue Shift. A Short and Sweet Adventure with Barney Calhoun. 8/10
God Of War is coming.
Today we released FUR Squadron on mobile platforms (iOS and Android). Finally a modern starfox-like! So proud of the results.
Where do you go to seek a review on a game?
2022 was the year of the handheld - Piggybacking off the success of the Nintendo Switch, Valve's Steam Deck, Analogue's Pocket and more have breathed new vibrancy into handhelds like no time we've ever seen before.
Dumb question who else makes a habit of collecting game informer magazines?
Bought when PC discs were a thing. Will never throw away. Which ones do you recognize?
The "recently added" section on the xbox windows app has been removed
Working on a next-gen game using AI to generate characters and animations. Anyone want to beta test it?
Favorite In-Game Map Artwork/Design? (mine is Greedfall)
Avatar (Xbox 360) - Which side would you choose: Na'vi or RDA?
I mean.. I like the game but not this much.
Unpopular game opinions that will get you downvoted
Cards of Ethernity enters Open Beta
Are there any game developers that "underpromised but overdelivered?"
Which free games from the Epic store have you played and liked?
Not Only is it a Lie That All Games Are The Same, There are so Many Options I Often Times Can't Choose
Our little rail shooter Sky Squadron just released in early access on Steam! It’s got a free demo too, so check it out :)
Is it weird I’m a girl and I play Fortnite way too much and I’m pretty good at it
Something I really miss in game credits.
Gaming to help you sleep.
Sell or not to sell my Xbox Series X
All cruisers fire at will. Burn their mongrel Hides!
A-door-n Your Board Games and RPG Maps with these Amazing Acrylic Standee Dungeon Doors - Live on backerKit Now!
Crisisfellas
Breaking Bad reference in High on Life
Special Cargo - New and unique smuggling system for DarkRP
2020s Decade = Unfinished, Broken And soulless Triple A Video Games Era
What Should I Play?
When they tell you to host a GTA Meet.
Need help!
I have two broken hands, what games can I play?
Trying to remember a game cinematic PLEASE HELP
Should i buy gta 5
Is The Witcher 3's next gen update worth a second purchase?
Is there a website for checking if your specs can run a game?
Help me lads
My entire experience throughout Witcher 3
My Perfect Game
What is a souls game?
What video games caused you to give up on playing them?
Survey: Enjoyment of JRPGs and Enjoyment of FF7 specifically (quick responses appreciated)
Mario Kart 7 Gets First Update in 10 Years
Hdmi 2.1 tvs that are smaller (if they exist).
Parents are suing Fortnite for being dangerously addictive
Best pre 2000 game
Which Has a Better Community, Zelda or Horizon?
Cuff it challenge but mario Kart
What is everyone’s favourite “failed” console? Why do you think it should have succeeded?
‘The Witcher 3 Remastered’ Performance Is Cyberpunk-Launch Level Bad On PC Right Now
This is what gaming is all about
Holstin got a store page
M&K aim-assist being implemented into FPS games
The Cursed Knight got a store page
Got a couple of (fairly) old games that I’ve had for a while and never played, ready to start on now to play over Xmas, which one should I go for?
Looking for people to play video games with
Fallout 4 is still the best shooter rpg imo
Reviewers should play games with recommended specs pc's. Not with the best gpu money can buy.
Thoughts? (open world debate)
To the gamers who dedicate there time to only one game...one game to rule them all
exo 1 playstation 5
Found a chonky Pikachu plush
found some good stuff at the beach..
I wrote a Reddit post about a loot glitch that recently happened in World of Warcraft and PC Gamer commissioned me to publish it on their site!
All smiles over here in Dead by Daylight!
I'm absolutely obsessed with Assassin's Creed Origins, I wish more games was like this. ♥
Angel's Gear got a store page
Anybody used this website and know if it is reliable (Power Imp)
I wish this game would get a switch port/remaster. Would love to own it on a cartridge. Anywhere modern tbh.
Witcher 3 Next-Gen update: Grass help
Hogwarts Legacy - concerns?
When you work in retail in December.
It's that time of year again!
Anybody remember this game?
RDR Undead Nightmare game of the year edition Series X issues
Is the Arctis Pro + Gamedac a good replacement for an Astro A40 TR + Mixamp?
High on Life - Official Launch Trailer
I was finally able to play it and I admit that I don't know what to think about it
What Switch games would you recommend for an 8 year old?
Why are people so touchy about their Switch graphics?
does anybody knows an offline app to keep track of my playtime?
Warships Final Battle got a store page
With the release of cyberpunk edgerunners earlier this year, what other games should get an anime adaptation?
I’m assuming this is how Charlie felt when he got his golden ticket
Mitspieler gesucht
How to play StarCraft?
How does Warzone 2 still not have Combat Records?
What is your controversial opinion in regard to videogames or gaming in general?
Nostalgic games from childhood
What are some good Apocalyptic games for PC?
What are your favourite Video games, which aren't that expensive?
What gaming mouse is better, G600 or G502?
Am I the only one who games with the keyboard almost vertical?
The Witcher 3 Next-Gen Update Is Extremely GPU Intensive On PC
Just finished SOCOM 3 this series needs a comeback
Once you get used to Plague Tell : Requiem graphics...
The king of cool
For all FPS gamers
Celeste
Witcher3 Next Gen update keeps crashing
Old power supply 550 for 3060ti
Hand puppet recreation of the iconic "Arthas taking Frostmourne cinematic" (A cooperation between Taiwan Blizzard and PILI glove puppetry for WoW: Wrath of the Lich King Classic)
What indie psychological horror do you recommend?
Picking up the guitar again...
Mass Effect 3 - Priority Tuchanka (Some Souls die in battle. Some die in their sleep. And some die for no reason at all. This is my chance to make a difference - Padok Wiks). This is one EPIC last dialogue of Mordins alternative, Padok Wiks character death.
fornite competition
When the game makes you do stuff you already know how to in the tutorial.
Online FPS-Games research
What is your fave gaming soundtrack?
Is the PS5 or Xbox Series X better for multi platform games?
I Printed and Painted this set of Joker/Yusuke (Persona 5) Earrings for a friend for christmas!
Game recommendations with great soundtracks
When stealth is optional
Decided to play with cousin… (sorry for bad quality)
After five months of not playing, i have seen that i'm banned permamently from GTA ONLINE
Name your favorite games to play with gf or friend split screen or online with story and fun gameplay!
Red Dead Redemption 2 RTX 3080 settings to achieve 60 fps in city/camp with minimum impact on pic quality without dlss?
What multiplayer map looked better than it actually played?
We're getting close to irl in terms of graphics
My new setup thoughts?
Am looking for a mobile game with a sort of specific requirement
I don’t know if I should be embarrassed or not
ways to project mobile on pc?
Why am I doing this to my self? why am I stupid?, why do I keep on playing fps games while I have a 60hz 720p monitor?
Cyberpunk 2077 is sooo precious
Hori Fighting Commander Octa for N64?
The Boys Valorant Edition
Hogwarts Legacy on the Switch
Star Wars Jedi Survivor Actor Inspiration for Cal's New Look
From every place in every level in Halo 2 this is my most memorable.
I dout you will get this reference
First time playing The Division! Very impressive atmospheric visuals!
My Switch Recap, can you tell I like JRPGs
What was the most terrifying enemy faction or race in a non-horror game?
My PlayStation Recap, I actually played more of my Switch this year
What game should have a next part in your opinion?
Any good games with shooting ranges?
Looking for new game recommendations
Playing Card Suit Tier List
What are you playing Wednesday!
Sea of Thieves didn't have any PvP quests, so I coded my own into the game!
Have achievements/trophies ruined gaming for anyone else?
I have had trouble getting into single player video games in the past, which would you recommend?
Mobile Wars! Diablo VS Torchlight
Help wanted: searching for an old game
Yeah, if we could get a modern remake of this game, that would be great...
Let’s talk about our earliest and most memorable gaming experience.
Found this in High on Life. May be an easter egg. Can anyone translate?
I am not loving the Witcher 3 update for PC
My post on the Darktide subreddit about the game not lunching for many players
Somebody must be take drugs for make this game.......
Gaming studios need to stop being chicken shit and release demos
Why can I never finish a single story game
[PC/PS4/5][Dark Fantasy][City Builder]Searching for an interesting xmas gift
Gaming on my new PS5 Controller!
Every player returning to TW3 today be like..
Garena Free Fire Max redeem codes for December 14, 2022: Grab weapons, costumes
What was the best part about switching from PlayStation to XBOX?
Paimon really has our number
The numbers don't add up... thanks to the few that pointed that out earlier
Firing up some nostalgia tonight
Personalización
not my proudest fap
2023 in gaming:
Trying to game on bad hardware is kinda fun
Pocket Chef iPhone Game
Favorite mediocre game.
The Callisto Protocol is the best looking game I've ever seen
Dating A Gamer
Looking for a game similar to Persona 5 without the action element
PLS HELP
Elden Ring and God of War
Nostalgia trip
Not so safe Sephiroth
Your always in the neighborhood, even in space.
Team Fortress 2 vs Overwatch Comparison In One Screenshot
An autoclick mouse and auto move
Majora
I got the platinum trophy for elder scrolls online at 4:20 on 4/20
the witcher 3 ps5 update
New RPG Glasshouse - Disco Elysium meets This War of Mine?
Remaining AC games I need to play…any considerations?
Are we in a new golden age of fighting games?
People who own Nintendo switch , how are you so rich?
Doom Eternal - Login to play
2022: The year I taught my 4 year old about video games
Since Ragnarok has been confirmed to be the end of the Norse saga…
miles morales or cyber punk?
Looter shooter recommendations.
Should I get a PS5 or a Xbox Series X/S if I already have a gaming pc?
What do you guys think ?
Need some video game suggestions
High on Life bug?
eh I played a miniscule amount
Fable Development Reportedly Slow Due to Microsoft’s Insistence on Using In-House Engines
Warframe or destiny ?
Need help looking for a medieval kingdom building game
can someone help me? i have a question about the xbox ultimate pass.
do you guys put a desktop shortcut for your games or just open them through steam and other platforms?
What’s the best way to respond to a toxic player online?
TrickStyle has aged really well, great hoverboarding racing game from Criterion, also nice showcase of what the Dreamcast was graphically capable of
What are you looking forward to most from Game Awards 2022?
Just got an old Xbox 360. Need suggestions for games!
Cosy RPG games
What's a gaming opinion that gets you in this situation?
The fact this hasn't got a remake yet is a crime against humanity!
This poster in the house in High on Life
This poster in the house in High On Life
EverQuest’s /pizza (‘05) was an idea ahead of it’s time. How do you think this kind of marketing would be received in the modern gaming world? Who would team up?
New Gamertag time
Is The Callisto Protocol worth getting?
Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection Release Date Announced
Assassin’s Creed Valhalla: Buy or Not?
Help with Prop Hunt starting out
Finished Half Life: Opposing Forces. If Hunt Down The Freeman was actually Decent. 7/10
More Bloodborne questions from a beginner because I suck ass
What games do you love that generally gets a lot of criticism for being bad
My 2022 PSN Wrap-Up. Thought I invested more hours into Elden Ring but still worth it.
[Wrap Up] I only gamed for about 5% of the year haha
Can I have good monitor for ps5 that can run high fps within a good price?
I’m almost thirty years old and this really is my happy place
What has been your favorite gamer moment from any game?
Ahri KDA All Out by Sophie Valentine
Aside from Fallen order, has there been any other major established franchises to take an original game story and make it Canon?
RPG suggestions ?
Nearly 1 month since release. (P.S get your buddy to grab a car if this happens)
Hey guys was wondering if GoW4(god of war 4) is good, ive had a ps4 for a while and have been seeing gow on yt a lot and wanted to know if its retells the other games or just continues on with the storyline
I wanna change my psn name but the family manager won’t allow it
Topless Ps5 Devkit
CARROT RUSH! - We have just finished our uni's end-of-first-year project! A 3D Platformer inspired by the likes of Spyro and Mario
Epic
I pre-ordered ff7 crises core, the physical game was delivered, but the bonus stuff wasn't inside
What’s a game you hate that everyone else loves
It’s a- me!
We've heard from the best companions, and now the worst: Lydia from Skyrim! (Not) seen here taking an extremely long way around the rock I passed 2 miles back.
Guitar hero
"Steam is here – Play Cyberpunk & more in your Tesla"
Just got ax Valhalla, origins and odyssey, and was wondering which one should I play first
The rise of gta rp directly caused its downfall
Maybe as someone that hasn't cared about achievements in the past but does now, I can explain perspective on the whole lack thereof situation with Ubi and Steam
Cloud gaming has introduced me the world of gaming again
POV: You preorder from Amazon while being an Amazon prime member
What is a good tower defense type game on the Google play store?
Recommendation of a gaming system for family
"But mommy i can't wash my azz and play fortnite too" ...it's called "discipline"
Snow Runner Off-roading
Does anyone use index and middle fingers on the shoulder buttons or just index fingers?
Thought This Was Pretty Neat
Somethings just never change (Witcher 3 Next Gen)
Fifa or NFL street?
If I'm talking about a game on Reddit, how early in the game do I have to start marking Spoilers?
Something to play this weekend. I think you can download now. Apologies if this a repost.
Day & Dawn. (No Man’s Sky)
R8 Gaming News
AoT VR
Fun little easter egg from NVIDIA in the Portal RTX DLC
The ps1 and the dreamcast are the only two consoles that got a price drop to $50
My 4 months old Dualsense is having stick drift issues and its making it unusable
The much awaited sequel
Where to start with Fortnite?
After seing the new BeamNG.drive update GTA VI needs to have some soft body physics added to their vehicles.
Console FPS gamers, I need help...
Any recommendations for a PS3 game for a 4 year old?
Best thumb grips for Nintendo pro controller?
The best portable Nintendo switch monitor (or ps5 etc)
What next?
I can't decide if I want to play Dark Souls 3 or if I want to finish Elden Ring first
Need help with epic games "connection to epic client failed"
Any fans of Shadow Man? Always thought that it was an awesome game, what did you think of it & what console did you play it on first?
Searching for a 2-player map war game supported on mobile
Ranked systems in gaming
Looking for a travel friendly one handed gaming keyboard
Has not aged well. It's brutally difficult
help me find my first ps game
Need new game
fortnite
My next adventure: GoW Ragnarok or Elden Ring
Has anyone seen an Age of Empires type of game for Star Wars?
Gaming through the holidays
The Existential Nightmare of Fortnite (or, "Understanding This Game if You're Over 26")
If I stay in the house in high on life, does it really play a whole ass Paul walker movie
My first ever shiny hunt is going as expected
What game has the highest skill gap? Or has the best players?
What open-world, action-adventure game would you recommend that an average gamer could 100% (inc. side quests and collectibles), in less than 100 hours?
I've been down lately. What's a fun RPG with a good story that i can get lost in?
I'm ashamed. I can do better than this
My most playable games
kratos sketchh
In need of tattoo support! What's your favorite hidden in game collectables?
Never played a game like this again. Miss so much (Titanfall 1)
It's tomorrow! ...And like two weeks of downloading.
Is Baldur's Gate fun to play for modern gamers?
Graphics are really getting insane man. UE 5.1
A video game masterpiece with Peter Jackson nonetheless
Should i buy a Switch or meta quest 2??
Game Pass x Riot Games - Crazy times we live in
What are good external hard drives for 1tb?
Tsushima Remembers
Looking for something to play from the past 5 (ish) years for some casual gaming .
Reluctance to Play computer games
Best (old) Nintendo games music in your opinion?
Do you ever watch a movie and think that I would make a cool video game?
Witcher 3 NewGame+ or fresh start
Amd Radeon 7900xtx
thoughts on "Collisto Protocol" (overall not a bad game)
Other games like "Ghost of Tsushima"?
high on life is seriously fucking good let me know your thoughts
Is this too much time gaming?
8 to go
anyone want to play some videogames with me?
Msk carry me pls
Best explanation for how the camera works in any game ever
Resident Evil 7 - Vega 8 vs 6500 XT (PCI 3.0) vs Ray Tracing High
perfect description of the game vvvvvv
Recommendation for “console” PC cheaper than a SteamDeck?
Xbox One?
New to gaming help!!
Hall of Goats
I was lonely, so instead of socializing I made a desktop companion lol - Triangle Bob
Is there anything Genshin has not plagiarized yet?
Looking for reccomendations
Hello, Armored One... (pls no)
Watching 'Tammy and the T-Rex' in 'High on Life's is peak gaming.
Buying old Fifa game
High on Life beautiful world
Fast Paced Classic TDM FPS shooter without fancy powers and cheaters but with an active playerbase that is cheap and not too demanding for PC?
Advice on a GPU
well guess i need to make a new gamertag now.
"A Shady Encounter" Tango Gameworks' The Evil Within Fan Art/Digital Illustration by Me
What is the most emotional moment you've experienced in a video game?
PS5 or Xbox Series X or PC?
How About That DOOM 3 Shotgun?
Help me find this alien game pls
High on Life gameplay
Friend asked me to make a Majora's Mask on my CNC: Challenge accepted
Glen Schofield Answers Game Design Questions on Wired
Is it possible to download steam on an HP Chromebook?
How SWTOR looks in 2022
Any good text based rpg's?
Best way to go about selling N64 and games?
Noble Fates: The Adventure Update has launched!
Help me find a childhood game!
If download the original Witcher 3 on my PS5 will the upgrade just be and update?
How to change age on Epic Games account?
My childhood from 2005 to 2012 in a GIF. (I know Halo released on 2001 and Halo 2 released in 2004 but I played them in 2006).
I’m having trouble downloading games to my hdd on steam
New to Meta Quest 2 Game Suggestions
who else is pumped for the Witcher 3 next gen update coming later today?
Looking for an old flash game I loved
What type of games do you miss?
Fuck you.
High on Life First Hour
Advancements in Graphics are Masking the Lack of Game Design Development
auto downloaded games?
check your inventory if you ever played CS:GO
I don't care about your Ray Tracing, give me multi-monitor support!
Insomniac's Spider-Man featured in the new Across The Spider-Verse trailer
have you ever had a fear of playing a game because you won't be able to stop thinking about it and which game was it?
One of my closest friends made me a special ornament for Christmas.
my god, i'm getting so old
Some kid had a great Xmas in 1981
Are the Chzo Mythos games still available?
People are talking gaming companions but I haven’t seen that ACTUAL best companion yet
Paul Walker still getting work?
Indie-(Horror) Games underestimated?
Are Future Doom games possible?
Gets me everytime
The state of wizard games
The best kind of Call of Duty cosplay
Any online games need servers?
Surface pro 8 i7 not running Fortnite - Tips to go above 100fps?
Nostalgia Hotline
What are the best accessories under $50 usd? What about stocking stuffers?
opend for game suggestions
Has an old game ever made you feel uncomfortable or disturbed? (Excluding Horror Games)
I don’t get the “hate” for Mojang
Basically Odin In God Of War Ragnarok. Not By Me.
If you could go back and play any video game again for the very first time. Which would it be and why?
Help with a gift.
Nvidia GeforceNow Queue Jacked Up By 100% For Holidays
High on Life is a hilarious shooter where you fire as many bullets as jokes | The latest release from Squanch Games, led by Rick and Morty co-creator Justin Roiland, is an absurdist sci-fi adventure.
27" 1440p on a bit lower budget?
It's feeding time!
So FFXIV...Mah SSD
Can someone help me remember the name of this game?
Get full pokedex
I think 1997 was the best year for gaming
Pokemon, Tim Burton stylized! (album by /u/isntathief)
Who is more likely to spend money in an online MMORPG?
Would a Saitek Flight Stick from PS2 Ace Combat 5 box set work with a current PC?
With PS and Xbox exclusives all coming to PC, should I sell both and get a PC?
FPS Games that you can play as a total rat
Can't find games entertaining anymore. Need some advice/recommendations.
What notoriously difficult video game segments are overly hated?
anyone know any good futuristic FPS games?
Need game suggestion.
What genre are games like Vampire Survivors?
Fallout 4 on PC with iPad sync as map
What Are Your Thoughts on the Future of VR Fitness?
A gaming group Im part of did secret Santa… my santa went freaking hard. This has been a grail for a while now!
what are these sprites from?
My steelbook game collection so far
Combine them and get your remastered version of your childhood game
Multiplayer games?
Do video games have bad stories on the whole?
Seen surprisingly little discussion about this one since it released. I've been playing it for a week and am absolutely loving it
When you don’t have time to game at home…
An Open Letter To Game Devs.
What was your very first PlayStation exclusive game you played,and what year you got it,If you can remember?
This is from Daniel Owen's yt channel, does anyone know what this tool is called?
Favourite Lego game
Hello guys
What do you think were the top gaming news stories of this past year?
I just suck at gaming.
There there, Jacob..
Of course when you are at 49/50
Can someone tell me the game please
What game you playing this week?
PS5 and DLC Region Lock
Dear game devs
Just finished the demo for this. I am kinda blown away. It took me a minute to get used to the combat, but the combat is FUN.
This Factory Sealed PS4 Controller Is Upside Down
Living in a sniper’s paradise
Marvel's Spider-Man 2 Targeting Fall 2023 Launch, Claims Writer [Rumor]
Microsoft offer Sony Call Of Duty on PlayStation Plus in bid to push $69 billion acquisition of Activision Blizzard.
What's the core gameplay loop of Open World games like Assassin's Creed Valhalla or Horizon: Forbidden West?
Dark Souls Cosplay - Black Knight - by Damagedcosplays - made in 9 Months, all from EVA-Foam
The Game Awards 2022 taught me a lesson...
What game do you love unconditionally, despite its (obvious) flaws?
My first Gameboy mod
This is a small world
Grandparents still using this daily (from 1993)
How is this NOT creepy?
What are some games that are like the Forza horizon games?
This is the most underrated Battlefield IMO. You could fast-travel switch between soldiers with 1 button (the white icon you see in the pic) and I've never played a game with a feature like it since then. It holds a special place in my heart because I never played a vehicle-based shooter before it.
What games have the weirdest, most ridiculous worlds?
Ergonomic gaming mouse like Mionix naos?
PS5 Recs
Anyone tried the Forsaken Demo, and what's your opinion?
Still Seeking: A New Favorite Fighting Game
Kingdom Hearts
The whole Tammy and the T-Rex movie can be watched in High On Life
Who's the strongest support character you've ever been with?
Anyone else having a hard time sleeping after playing Celeste?
High on Life is Hilarious
Dose anyone have any recommendations and pc gaming mice that are light bedies the Logitech G502.
what next?
Best part of the game🫠
Non toxic gamers, is there a game that makes you toxic?
I Fail To See Where This Is My Problem.
I play the Far Cry series for their realism
What is the biggest DB about videogames?
Is using Four finger is efficient than 3 finger in Free Fire
Should I get MacBook Pro (2017) or MacBook Air?
High on Life contains an entire new episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000
Geoff's inner mind at the end of tga 2022
Been trying to make as much progress on my backlog as I can. Heres a little bit of backstory, plus the list of games i've completed since January 1st 2022.
3ds help
What are you currently playing?
Anyone play Alice: Madness Returns?
Are there any controllers for old pc games that doesn’t uses analog stick as directional controls?
What I believe to be the must underrated game
steam keys
[High on Life] Game-breaking bug PSA
6800xt 90c
What a downgrade.
my vote for best follower
Does anyone know of a zombie survival sandbox game where the first few days everything is normal as the infection slowly spreads?
In search of platform game recommendations
While we’re on the topic of gaming companions, I think we’re missing three very top tier pals.
Xbox Friends
Gamer Girl in Training
Let's see who's really under this mask
What good games should I get to take advantage of my new rx 6800? (upgraded from gtx 1660)
what are some good arcade first person shoot em ups?
Does anyone know of a Really Good HDMI 2.1 to Displayport 1.4 Adapter or Cable?
winter is coming..
Exasperated statement: Clearly, you are all misguided. HK-47 remains the best companion.
can anyone help me figure out what game i’m thinking of?
I tried to enjoy this game, but I can't. Combat feels janky and chaotic, and the Narrator is insanely annoying.
Why do video games use the weaver stance instead of the isoceles stance for pistol?
How many (paid) battle passes are you currently subscribed to this month? I'm curious.
Offroad Fury (PS2) Free-Roam Map
Throwing my 2 cents in about best follower.
Whats your biggest gaming hot take?
Looking for games regimentations.
How does playing your game or video game of choice (preferably online games) affect your daily life?
NFT gaming
If you haven't watched Tammy and the T-Rex yet, full movie is in High On Life.
I need to find this game...
Games keep pushing graphics further. Meanwhile, I'm making a game with a 3-pixel wide main character ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Transformers WFC and FOC remaster?
Gaming tv or monitor
High on Life is filled with in game ads.
Finally got a cool flight stick for my Xbox series X. Any cool air combat games other than ace combat seven? Possibly World War II’ish?
Thoughts on the future of AI for games?
He stole my setup
What are your favorite Horror Games on Xbox...?? New/old/remastered/hidden gems....any recommendations?
Killzone 3 is almost 12 years old
Just got my new wheel in!
They have Tammy and the T.Rex playing on the tv in High on Life… best game ever
Red Dead Redemption 2 is Stunning! (Ignore that middle part)
Peace
How to run D3 on Mac?
Asphalt 8 for Apple TV. Anything similar?
It still works!
Should I get the witcher 3 on my switch
Combat racing game recommendations for PC or Xbox?
Just played BF4 for the first time in what feels like forever.. God I love this game. still holds up
gaming together is the best
Does High on Life use AI generated art for the posters in the bedroom?
Why is the Xbox Series X such a flaming pile of dog crap?
Where can I get Battlefield 1942?
No spitting, unless…
Loving this game so far! [High on Life]
What your thoughts on AC: Valhalla?
Anyone else think Carol of the Bells should be a final boss theme?
High on Life available now??? is it any good?
Recommendations for text based or games with very little motion?
I hope im emotionally ready to play this game again..
So I got my Jevil Plushie from Fangamer today. I was surprised to find out that I got 2 Jevil plushies in the mail when I only ordered 1. Fangamer is just freaking awesome like that. Even my Cat approves.
Game of the Year 2022 🏆
Oh yeah... the deadpool game
games to buy as a beginner who only plays Minecraft and sims 4? [MACOS]
My husband playing skyrim for the second week in a row. The graphics are really impressive and modern.
Isaac Clarke in Deep Space Remake
Asked chatGPT to write a poem about Hidetaka Miyazaki (not disappointed)
Ubisoft: we can’t start your single player game because… *checks notes*… we couldn’t sync your achievements.
High on Life
playing Gloomhaven, talking about DnD. Fun times
best emulator console
Fiance gift ideas
I love this game Already (you also get a Achievment/Trophy thats called "Fallout Doesn't Let You Do This"
looking for someone to play mario kart/ stardew valley
Idk, elden ring or something
Anyone recommend the best NES replica USB controllers for PC emulator use please? thanks
Took this portrait of Eivor from AC Valhalla
I just got a GameCube for the first time in... well, one of animals from old saves remembers better than I do.
For those interested in checking out High on Life, but not a fan of the Rick & Morty style humour, you can select Frequent, Occasional, or None for both Enemy Chatter and Gun Chatter.
Some good PlayStation exclusive games
I filled an entire scrapbook with prints of pictures taken by my friend in New Pokémon Snap. At one point, he was on the Worldwide PhotoDex Leader Board. As of last night, the final sleeve of the scrapbook was filled.
Looking for a good ps4/ps5 recommendation to play co-op with my wife.
High On Life
Is… is this the new content?
I want to play an online game where I can make friends - how do I do this?
I was digging through my old belongings, and I discovered I still have my copy of Pokémon Heart Gold. Inside the box, it has all the original contents, including a functional Pokéwalker.
Steering Wheel With 3 Pedals and a Stick Shift.
is that a Simpsons reference in High on Life?
What game are you most hype for in 2023?
what necromorphs do to a mf (Dead Space)
What is this ring around this PS5 disc I got from the library?
Why video games are good for your health
which game franchise is the definition of "all flash no substance"
Retro PC Christmas Tree Ornament Can Run Doom
I love Paradox games, every once in a while you get weird shit like this
The Witcher 3 Graphic Comparison 2015 - 2022
For Dead By Daylight Players!
An old reflex.
Has Starcraft 2 killed the whole RTS genre?
Looking for very easy one-button game for impared person
First time coming across this Easter egg. Well done CD.
Archdragon Peak. One of my favourite locations in Dark Souls. Simply Brilliant.
What are your winter / Christmas games?
#Misaki New December 2022 Dream Festival (Shot & Dribble) New Skills | #CaptainTsubasa #DreamTeam
Anyone else blown that overworld catching we finally got in Legend Arceus got stripped clean from Scarlet/Violet?
Fist meets fate!
Audio from Monitor
Whats the latest RTS have you played?
TW3 Next Gen - Saved Game Question
What is yall's favorite singleplayer game
Hearing a lot of concern regarding the Diablo 4 launch.
Why JRPGs are so dominant?
2007 Halo Videos Be Like...
Question about Last of Us
Does anyone else dislike the trend of making the video game character look like the voice actor? I just feel like it eliminates alot of uniqueness and creativity and decreases immersion
Can someone suggest me strategy games with detailed warfare?
Update advice required!
looking for game recommendations
My 100 favorite games of all time !
Splitscreen coop-games recommendations
Souls-Like Recs?
The game will feature an option to reduce the guns dialogues
Ps5 / HDR issue!
Your TOP 10s for the year (any release)
(No Man’s Sky) Celebration! 🎉
Videogames for large groups.(10-40 people)
What did you not noticed about a game, despite having played it a whole lot, until someone pointed it out?
What popular game didn't live up to the hype for you?
What should I buy?
Your greatest game of all time
Games like Anno but with unlimited money?
Your top 5 games of the last 10 years
What was your first video game?
Any games similar to Red Alert 2?
I need Game Suggestions!!!
Does anyone know the name of this game? I remember playing it when I was really young
Computer Display or TV display?
Do you think think Unreal Engine 5 is a game changer ?
What feature would you want more developers to adopt going forward? Cross-Progression/Play for me
I'm bored and need a game to play
Death Stranding: Yes or No and WHY?
Hey I just brought a used ex miner 2060 that was used for a year for $160 USD. Did I get a good deal?
Can you play 2 games at once and be good?
Lijang LOVES the Dice - Scraps BoxCutter
So I play a lot of games and see a lot of posts on diff subs always trash talking games now a days!
what is everyone's favorite hidden gem
Need game suggestions
Super Mario Earth
Need help finding alike games.
I... Uh... Oh
For any disgruntled Sonic fans, here is a list of games you might enjoy.
I did post something like Thai a bit ago but I wasn’t exactly clear, I’m looking for a switch controller that’s really durable won’t drift within the first few months have having it
What classic gems do you think got over looked?
a good song when your gaming all night
Midnight Suns is definitely a game
FFXIV best mmorpg
This core memory popped in my head after the news.
Good next gen gifts?
The Callisto Protocol Is Actually Fun!?
How long does a $60 game take to go on sale for $20 on average
Do you recommend getting Mario Strikers Battle League?
I'm looking for a game in which the player is a tree on fire.
Tabs x military

body
1. Elden Ring - Well quite a few things like the duo fights should have been more focused on in design because a lot of them we're almost amazing however had absolutely glaring issues in combat. Another would be boss attacks that encourages taking hits with special items nullifying damage so I feel it's a lazy concept personally and I would rather have them removed entirely. Final thing is that Torrent is severely underdeveloped and could have used more interesting aspects such as proper evading and combat mechanics.     2. God of War Ragnarok - Santa Monica if you want me to play this game again then please allow me to skip these silly cinematic segments because I have no interest in Ironwood or a Bar Fight. Also I would improve enemy encounters by adding unique situations to think outside the box due to many encounters being formulaic with mundane arenas. Boss fights need significantly less padding and more brutality. Please let me mute every character, a camera zoom out option would be nice, more weapons would make combat more interesting, being able to skip cutscenes, the story needs to take risks instead of this cookie cutter happy ending nonsense because  this God of War not Weenie Hut Juniors and give GMGOW a trophy for goodness sake. Sorry but this was the most disappointing game for me this year.     3. Frogun - Among the remaining bugs still left in the game I would have loved to see different Froguns for different varieties of platforming, more clothing items for customization would be cool and more hard-core medals to earn would have been nice especially with rewards.     4. Nobody Saves the World - I wish there was more form focused world secrets to discover, a never ending dungeon would have been good for leveling up forms, removing the tedious side missions, a better healing system and more depth in NG+.     5. Terror of Hemasaurus - More story levels, monsters to unlock and trickier destruction challenges.     6. Lego Bricktales - The building aspect could use more interesting challenges to motivate creative freedom, the missions could have used less of a fetch quest design, adding an option to disable dialog entirely and some puzzles should have been more complex.     7. Stray - The puzzles needed to be brain teasers but instead we got adolescent solutions, the platforming needs freedom instead of prompt jumping and the story would have benefited with more thrill and scale.



Title. I've saved up a bit, and want to buy a proper gaming monitor and set up thing but I know nothing about computers or what's good or not. Try to limit the expense, probably around 2k VERY max.

I'm talking about graphic/audio bugs, broken game mechanic, weird object behavior in physic engine etc.  And yes, I know that it's impossible to make game without any bugs.



Is the difference really that noticeable for fps games?

Sometimes I feel guilty for still continueing to play games I've played for a really long time.  &#x200B;  Like my brain literally goes "You've played this for 12 years dude it's time to find something new"  &#x200B;  It bothers me so much I just end up quitting games I like because of shame.

 I'll try to explain what my problem is.  Let's take 2 players, Bob and Fred.  * Bob plays the game because it's fun. He tries out new spells and weapons he finds, he interacts with the story and is just having a blast. Bob did not like the desert area so he just moved on elsewhere. * Fred is obsessed about getting 100% completion, rushing through the story, hunts down every scrap of lore (only to ignore it). Fred plays the game as if it was a shopping list. He's having fun because he's crossing checkmarks on this imaginary shopping list, and the peak of his enjoyment is finally reaching the amazing 100% platinum trophy.  Both players are having fun but for different reasons, and that's completely fine. **I don't mind Fred having fun.**  I have problem with game developers who incentivize Fred's behavior and possibly even intentionally abuse it to squeeze more engagement and thus money from Fred.  &#x200B;  Good examples of achievements would be in games like **Subnautica**. There are just 17 achievements, of which 7 are obtained for finishing the game, the rest being just "visit this location" or "try out that vehicle". The developers absolutely could add achievements like "Scan every animal" or "Gather all logs", but it wouldn't add anything meaningful to the game. If someone is interested in the story tidbits they'll look for them on their own. The game is using achievements to acknowledge you have done major content in the game.  Another good example would be **Crusader Kings 3**. This is a sandbox game with over 100 achievements, and these achievements are like "**Create and rule the kingdom of Valencia as an heir to El Cid**". These are basically a roleplay suggestions by the dev, a pitch if you want. You aren't really meant to obtain them all, and most players just ignore them.  A bad example would be **Monster Hunter World**. It has 100 achievements and most are like "Obtain a gold crown for almost every monster in your hunting log." which is just about grinding the same monsters over and over until you get crown. There's no gameplay, it's just "play more" kind of a deal

Excerpt from the article:  "The protagonist is shown immediately defending themselves using retro-futuristic weaponry in diverse environments against a wide variety of enemies, ranging from a giant fleshy blood monster to killer AI robots to a seemingly insane group of soldiers, all propelled by composer Mick Gordon's energetic riff-fueled soundtrack."
I miss when we had games with cool titles like "Monkey Island 2: Lechuck's Revenge"   Like, why did game developers stop doing that?   The last game I can think of that did that was Skyrim, but thats always been the case with TES games so maybe Devil May Cry 3? Or COD 4?   Sekiro isn't a sequel so it doesn't count.   Why can't we have something like "Assassin's Creed 2: The Italian Blade"   Or "Dark Souls 3: the fire returns"   It just adds more excitement to the game rather then 'Diablo 4"' or "Xenoverse 2"   Am I the only one who misses the subtext?
hi reddit! i have myopia; -0.50 and -1.00 dioptre. should i wear glasses while gaming or using my phone and pc even if i see clearly without them?
So, I've had an Xbox Series X since earlier on in the year. My previous console was the base Xbox One, as my TV was a 1080p plasma and didn't feel the need to upgrade my console until I upgraded my TV.   Well I upgraded to a Series X anyway because I really wanted MS Flight Simulator and to try out The Matrix Awakens demo. I still have the same TV, and thoroughly enjoy being able to play games running at 60fps, but I really struggle to see any sort of difference in lighting and reflections whenever I flick between the performance and fidelity/graphics modes on games that support them.   I was also eagerly awaiting the Witcher 3 upgrade, and had been playing through the last gen version this past week to familiarise myself with it so I could see a more informed comparison with the next gen upgrade. And again, I really struggle to see any sort of ray traced enhancement, to the point where if there *is* a difference, its so subtle it may as well be negligible.   So hence this post and question. Do you need a decent display with HDR support to get the best out of next gen lighting features, such as ray tracing? My TV is also one of the last flagship plasma models from Panasonic, so despite not being 4K and without HDR, the image is still superb.
I have enough money to buy a monitor or steam deck but don't know which one would be better to get it, I currently have a 4k 60hz monitor for my ps5 but wondering if getting a 4k 144hz with 2.1 hdmi would be worth it or just going for a steam deck
Hey! As of the moment, I'm creating a student-led gaming club. We already have some ideas in mind but we're a bit stuck as to what else to add.   So far, these are the activities we have thought about.   \- Game Nights (D&D, minecraft, etc.)   \- Tournaments   \- Coding & Game Design workshops   \- Creating your own game      I'm open to suggestions. Cheers!

Hey so i remember playing this game around 2018-2019 ive been looking for it for months and though i know it exists i simply cannot find a trace of it. It was a mobile cutesy game with a creepy twist, Pretty sure u played as a male and it was kinda themed like a dating sim (like how the characters are png with a text box underneath) i remember the girl having pink hair and pretty much wearing all pink. In the game you both had forgotten your memory's and as you progressed in the game there was more options for different endings, i remember one ending she drugs you but thats all! please help.



I’m unfortunately not a big Christmas music fan, probably from over-saturation as a kid. My friend just sent a snap with his tree/decorations and a harp version of fairy fountain in the background that made me have more feels than any 80 yo “jingle”. What other songs might lend their magic to Christmas while bringing their own nostalgia.
Them motherfuckers come at me hard in the *arcade mode with no waves*. I barely have any room to breathe.  Got any tips?
Is it safe to play Valorant at this time around or what

I have a question to you workers how do you have any energy left after work to play games ? I was always this competitive guy but after starting to work and coming home I can’t do it anymore the only thing which I can do is singleplayer games is it the same to most of you ? Is work a energy killer ?
Hey, saw an advert saying that Xbox Series S was getting reduced to £200 (for the sake of a quid, will round up) + keep seeing it alot tbh (like on TV, in the high street rather than the usual see adverts online cause of looking for it a couple days before) so thinking of caving & getting one  Guess my question is it worth it?  Very casual when it comes to this like I've been a Nintendo fan all my life (Pokemon, Smash Bros & Legend Of Zelda exclusives + the portability of 3/ds & the Switch) but have a Xbox 360 & a decent quality but not gaming laptop and have always preferred physical games (combo of resell if I want in future, feel I own it rather than one day being lost forever cause it was removed+ slightly less memory and sharing) where I can but seems I'm losing that battle based on PS5 digital & Series S😅.  Like is the Series S worth it or, is it a Wii Vs Wii Mini situation (missing pretty much everything but the ability to turn on & play games & has slightly worse graphics) and I'm better saving up for Switch 2 & a Steam Deck/A gaming Laptop + Game Pass?  Can I ideally copy and/or (ideally and) transfer everything (account, digital games, gamerscore etc.) from my 360 to the series S?  Can I use External storage (Hard Drives USB & the like) to expand the memory or is what is available on the console all there is?  One advert showed the size of the Console & portable enough (in a not a plug & play console from the 2000's sense but not requiring much more effort than setting up a switch Dock at a friend's/family members house if that makes sense) is it actually that portable or is it more of a headache irl?   Another one of the adverts I saw, showed a screen that attaches to the console, is that recommended, and are there any other accessories (e.g Is Kinect still a thing) such as batteries/charger for controller, power pack for the console ((if was using it & the screen to be portable in a kid playing on a laptop while on a road trip in the car kinda sense) or is that not how it works) or is what's included with the console & some games all you really need?  Is there a disc drive add-on similar to the rumoured PS5 one (yes defeats the concept of a digital only console, but like I said prefer physical)?  Thanks in advance for any help & advice, and yes those are all geniune questions if any seem stupid

So I have an animal crossing save file on my ds digital copy and it was previously on my physical copy of the game, I’ve recently come into a problem with it and I would like to transfer it back to my physical copy of the game, if anyone knows if it’s possible or If they know how it would be greatly appreciated if you replied (if you don’t understand lmk I’ll try rephrase it)


i have general knowledge on gaming (the little i do) but not much. this is a gift for my boyfriends brother and i want to see if i can do more than just a steam gift card. affordable as possible. thank u !


 Hey guys I am making a mobile gaming now, and need some feedback on it. All feedback is truly appreciated  Game link:  \- [https://testflight.apple.com/join/cLqhP1IO](https://testflight.apple.com/join/cLqhP1IO)  \----------------  Short description:  \- Kill aliens, earn points, buy better weapons.  Lore:  \- Alien trapped in interterestial planet, needs to get back home to earth by building a rocket ship.  \--------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Funny video game meme:  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/af3bks3nt16a1.png?width=500&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=d298dc82beb9c6355b614642bd4296b96b349f48  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  \-------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Screenshot of the game:  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/9of0esiqt16a1.jpg?width=1125&format=pjpg&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=797949423aafe2f1a1dffa031bbc75bfa91c9956

Hey guys, maybe someone can help me out since I never had this issue:  So i starte GOW ragnarök and my Ps5 told me to install the newest update. Which I did, but somehow it did not work. So i went to the update and tried to start it again, but it did not work.  So I clicked on: stop the update and delete.  Now the game doesnt start and I cant make the update. What now?
We are interested in many styles of games… I know she would be happy to play a game where we slowly progress together, we would play RuneScape or something together but that’s way too time consuming.   I was checking out the App Store, realizing I’m either getting old or simply just out of the loop game wise.   Really do appreciate your time, we need this.
Apparently MW2 is free to download and play today until the evening of 19 December, but I don't seem to be able to find the right 'version' amongst the store. Anyone else managed to see it?  [https://www.gamingbible.co.uk/news/call-of-duty-modern-warfare-2-is-free-to-download-and-play-right-now-085936-20221215?source=facebook](https://www.gamingbible.co.uk/news/call-of-duty-modern-warfare-2-is-free-to-download-and-play-right-now-085936-20221215?source=facebook[/URL])
Over 86k players have played the game in the last 24 hours, even after issues. That's crazy though  [https://emopulse.com/news/gaming/witcher-3-nextgen-86k-players-steam/](https://emopulse.com/news/gaming/witcher-3-nextgen-86k-players-steam/)
Hi, I've been playing Warzone melee only for over a year and I was curious to see what other games give you a chance at winning without firing guns.   Another good example is Fortnite back when the lightsaber was around, it wasn't easy by any means but it was accessible enough that it gave you a chance to be creative.  Any suggestions?
Do you guys have any games on your phone that's actually great? I'm tired of all those press to upgrade and watch an add while you're at it games... ?
I feel like there is less and less excitement for me about games that are being released and my favorite games out falling apart because pro players cry about “broken” game mechanics. I know I’m beating a dead horse by this point but let’s talk about Rainbow Six Siege one of my favorite games. When I first started playing with my friends it was like no other game I played which is why many found it popular. It wasn’t just some generic fps game and I had so many fun times playing with all my friends but as the years went on I saw changes that no one asked for.   At first it was small things like rooms were more lit up and they took away night time which was one of my favorite aspects of the game having a darker environment it felt more realistic it pulled you into the environment because it wasn’t fully lit. It was just more exciting to me then they started making bigger changes like map reworks that were never need like house why would you ever change a map that was never gonna be in the ranked pool everyone loved old house it was and OG map that was beloved by all. I myself remember playing garage wars and Michael Myers with my friends on customs just having a good time.   I remember the last time I got on with my friends playing ranked not realizing that was the last time I’d play siege with my friends I try to get back on but they’ve just made the game worse maybe it’s just because I’m nostalgic but I’d rather them leave siege where it was 3.5 years ago and just make a new game and entirely rather than ruining an amazing game.   I also feel that I’ve run into similar issues with other games like COD it’s just the same game tweaked a bit every year but we’ll see how this two year cycle plays out. I don’t find as much enjoyment as I used to now Warzone was a nice change of pace and has made the game more interesting but I feel that it eventually burn me out which inevitably will happen but it just feels like this burnout happens faster and faster.   Everything I play when it comes to these big companies just seems like it’s getting lower in quality everything is just a cash grab and pro players rule what gets changed. Anyway it’s just sad to see that the games that we all loved as kids is slowly decaying it’s harder to find the good time with friends because the games we play just aren’t as fun hopefully a diamond in the rough will arise for me and maybe I’m just a bitter old gamer but hopefully things will change.


I’m 21 work full time and still make time for games. I Feel I’m losing interest, interested to know other people’s experiences with giving it up. Was it worth it?
I get so frustrated because I don’t know enough people who enjoy the games I enjoy to play these live service games with. + I don’t like playing with random people because I’ve always just gotten pissed off or met people who piss me off + I just enjoy playing my video games as an escape.   So many games are game concepts I LOVE.   The division (post pandemic apocalypse, shadow government agency dedicated to re-establish society fuck yeah) can’t play because nobody I know enjoys it and damn near everything after the story requires friends.  Destiny (space Demi god game? Sci-fi/classic fantasy class dynamic? Interesting lore and characters? Where can I buy???) can’t ply because everything after the hour long single player missions requires other people and all my friends consider destiny dead.  Fuck man even the new modern warfare. (Modern shooter with cool guns, cool operators, and cool game modes?) can’t do the new raid or any of the coop content because nobody wants to play it.  I’d like to have more single player games to have in my back pocket, but each one I can enjoy by myself ends after just a few days of playing and I’m left wanting again.
so I am a gamer and I have a few friends who've never played a "story game" in their life. so I thought of recommending them a good game for them to play but nothing's coming to my mind. I require a pc game recommendation whose story is a bit emotional and not too grindy. at first I thought of giving cod4 but then its not that emotional and not a good game for someone who I am trying to get into gaming.

Hi,  I would like to give my 11yo son good taste of RPG games. He enjoyed playing short missions on Witcher 3 but its definetelly not the game I could let him play alone. I am looking for something engaging but without cruelty and nudity. Do you have any recommendations?  PS. Lord of the rings themed games would be great, but I always had the impression that most games based on popular franchises are rather dull?

I wanted to ask everyone here about silent hill 3 for the ps2, I tried to ask on the silent hill subreddit but my post keeps getting rejected. I’ve played the games on an emulator on my laptop and wanted to try getting a physical copy to play on my ps2. Is $43 a reasonable price for the game(without manual)? This is from a local store in my country as all the prices on ebay are very high and shipping to my country makes matters worse, so I’m not sure what the standard price for this game is. Personally I’m a huge fan of the game and would like to try and play it on the ps2, but I don’t have a lot of money to spare, so I’m not sure if I should go for it
hi everyone, have you ever experienced some framerate drops on miles morales for ps5? have bought my ps5 yesterday and I don’t know if there’s some problem with the console. Yesterday, when i started the game, it was all smooth and fully at 60 fps, but from a certain point of the game now when i swing around (in particular next to the road) the game has some annoying framerate drops. Someone experienced the same?


I think it was 2017-2018 and it was a game on the Google play store. It was a duel styled game which aimed to see how fast your reflexes were. You would play as a female protagonist in a dress and each antagonist would be a male that would either pull a gun or a rose. There was also a light that would swing above both characters. If anyone can find this game it would be greatly appreciated since my friends and I would play it all the time.

Games like Valheim, Ark Survival, etc.
Hello everyone.  &#x200B;  to make this short, i am a fan of Assassin's Creed games, and i used to save my Save files and back them up on a USB, sort of my Progress Trophy list i guess, but recently i have Changed my Online Name, and i was wondering if it's Possible to find a 3rd party tool or something, that would allow me to Rename my Old save Files, in a way that it would display inside the game as well.


Hi,  My son has an X Box series S for Christmas. He is only 12 so we thought this would be a safe and affordable first console for his bedroom.   He really likes playing Rayman legends on our PS we have in the living room and can only seem to find X Box one/360 download keys for this. If we purchased an X Box one/360 key for it, could he redeem it on his X Box series S?   How does this work with previous gen games on the new series S? Would all older games that can be bought via digital download be redeemed on the series S?
I've played Dead cells, loved it, Kingdom too (both games in the series)   I'd love a game with an upgrade tree, abilities etc.   Any suggestions?  Thanks.
&#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/gnpb9oejs06a1.png?width=1902&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=511bf16c0acd4aee8ce82b997e6ff2f05c9249d2



I’ve been an avid gamer of Clash Royale, Clash of Clans, Bloons, etc and find these games to be incredibly fun and an avenue of gaming in their own right. Why are these types of games looked down upon in comparison to console or PC games?
So basically anything I do from gaming to work if I use any sort of voice chat or proximity chat my audio becomes complete garbage and usually it gets as bad as the person's mic who I am speaking too it is especially annoying in the new warzone where I can't even hear my surroundings I can only hear the person that I'm talking with please help me it's so annoying


Heyo, just wanted to pop by in case there's anyone else actually playing this game with the same problem. I looked online, and couldn't find anything, but I did find a solution myself. So, the problem is that when entering actual gameplay, right after the loading screen, the game will CTD, I also noticed that the game says "1" to continue, and not enter. The problem was solved by resetting the default settings with 'E'. So, again, if there's anyone else stuck on this, there's your answer, Just reset everything to default, you do not need to reinstall your game.

I just downloaded the free PS5 remaster of Witcher 3, but I couldn’t load my old save file from the PS4 version I initially bought. Does that mean I have to start all over? Or is there any way to use my PS4 save? Granted I wasn’t that far anyway but still. I’d rather avoid restarting from the beginning.
So, Firstly let me list games I've already played/tried:The entire Bethesda Catalogue (Morrowind is closest to what I'm looking for)The entire Bioware catalogue (Dragon Age Inquisition is the closest to what I'm looking for)Gedonia (A little too janky)Elden Ring (Excellent game, but entirely combat oriented and no basebuilding)The Entire Obsidian CatalogueThe Entire CD Project CatalogueOutward (Close but the survival elements were a little too strong, and the world didn't feel alive for lack of a better word Otherwise might be the closest to anything I've found too what I'm looking for)Kingdom Come DeliverancePathfinder games (Not really open world)  I am not looking for Roguelikes/lites. I am not looking for Dungeon Crawlers. I am not looking for bases where I have to place all the furniture myself. Please no Ubisoft open worlds. Please no Kenshi.  cRPG's are okay, but they need to be really good and I've played most of the major ones.  &#x200B;  Any Ideas?

I've tried quite a few and all of them seem to have the same problem.  Dead by Daylight  VHS  Evil Dead the game  Home Sweet Home
Just fought Margit. Lost a few times. Then I used rotten stray ashes.  Massacred him without even trying.  Wtf. Bloodborne never let you do that.

If you could have an ability you can do in games but not real life, what would it be? I'd like to be able to double jump personally.
Wish they bought it back somehow.
Do you play online games or offline mostly? If you play online, do you ever play with randoms or only with friends?
  It had a pretty interesting idea and pretty fascinating lore and history before the events take place in game.    More so in either a remaster for preservation of in my opinion a great series of games  Or a reboot with better systems that feel more refined for todays era. Of course keeping the same story or general plot.
I get that sci fi is popular and all but the gaming landscape has just become so oversaturated with space games that it just becomes a joke.   Aside from games like High On Life that have actually unique designs every other sci-fi space game just blends into the background with all the others.  Not saying Sci-fi is bad though. I've liked plenty of sci-fi games. Just that there always seems to be so many of them coming out.

So I really love to relax by playing some pixel art games sometimes, for context, some games I love are "death road to Canada" "the binding of Isaac"  and also in general post apocalyptic games, I also like when there are relaxing backgrounds like cities with little houses and nature.  So yeah to recap, I like rogue like games (I prefer  death road to Canada over the binding of Isaac tbh) Cause I can just sit there and don't have to worry about progress, I just start a run and that's it.  And also environments like post apocalypse or small cities/nature (for example forests or nature in post apocalyptic worlds)   They don't have to have everything all in one, I just listed what I like.  Thank you in anticipation I appreciate it!
Hi all gamers, are there still servers for UT2004 in Europe populated enough to play regularly in the evening (21:00 GMT)? I am still playing this masterpiece, but I'm bored to play against bot all the time... Thanks to all!
Hi! I play on the Xbox series X and I’m looking for people to play fortnite, halo, Black Ops 3 or any other games. I also want to get better since I’ve had an xbox since I was a kid but I still suck at almsot every game🥲 I’m a girl and 18 fyi
Going from double jumping on Torrent to not being able to step over a small stone is infuriating.


So I just finished playing through the story of Hitman 3 a few days ago. My favorite level by far was "Death in the Family". I had so much fun walking around and piecing the clues together that I'm trying to find some games like that level. I'm trying to find some games where there are different mysteries and you have to question suspects and walk around and find clues and piece it all together, that sorta thing. Any suggestions would be amazing!
Does anyone know how to find the mod id's on mod.io? Playing space engineers with a friend, he's on console, so I can't use steam workshop mods, we made a server with nitrado, but to mod the server, it is asking for the mod id's from mod.io
https://instagram.com/momasgamedev  Let's not compare them this time. Which one is your favourite out of these 2?

And this can’t be taken down because this link has gaming related content :)
Let's ignore silly answers like Fallout New Vegas being DLC for Fallout 3 or Assassins Creed games in general that follow their own formulas (AC Odyssey/Valhalla being Origin DLC for example). I just mean a DLC that exists within a single game.
Suggestions for good PC games in any genre except RPGplease.. Not an RPG person. Currently playing overwatch 2 but I'm getting bored.  Looking for any Game that would have good fps on high settings.  My configuration is 16gb ram, amd 5900x but old graphics card gtx 750ti
A ton of tough bosses are in M and Teen rated games but what is the most difficult boss across all games rated e for everyone.



I know headset questions always get asked, but I've not seen any answers for the HyperX Cloud Alpha wireless because they only came out this year.  Long story short, I've had HyperX Cloud II's for ages and I absolutely love them and but they've recently started shitting themselves so it's probably time to upgrade. Looking to go wireless now but don't want to spend a crazy amount of money, and want something that has similar sound quality and comfort to the Cloud II's as they still sound amazing.  I've narrowed down my options and I'm currently tossing up between the Arctis 7+ and the Cloud Alpha Wireless as they're roughly around the same price point, with the SteelSeries being about $50 cheaper where I'm from. Open to other suggestions too but sound quality and comfort is a must. I'm playing on the PS5 and also use them on my PC for music if that helps.

  Here’s some free money to get started!   Promo codes for instant bonus CASH:  $10 Pocket7Games - 83FmZTP  $10 Bingo Clash - 83FmZTP  $10 Solitaire Clash - xY6ZazT  $30 Bingo Crush - UU88WA9  $10 Blitz - 65Chr  $10 Bingo Clash Battle - LqJREgx  $10 Bingo Tour - swZgGFi
I have an old PC. Its a 2010ish HP Pro 3400 Series MT. Theres a Geforce 660 as the graphics card and some additional Ram (unknown brand). The problem im having is that the PC is unwilling to connect to my monitor via HDMI. The monitor is an ASUS MG248 If that helps. Not sure what to do and need some tips. Will be upgrading soon but its all i have for now… any ideas?

My quest is bugged differently than everyone else’s. I have done the fight against the Crimson Dread, I have his items, I have the trophy, but every time I go back into the arena to collect the raven or try to climb the wall to go talk to Birgir I can’t because the game tries to activate the boss fight again but there is nothing to fight. I can’t 100% this game without this quest getting fixed

Got my Dad a C64 for christmas and need some suggestions for games to add on a flash drive. He will want "Buried Bucks", but any others you remember from the old days?
Hey everyone, I just bought Elden Ring for the ps4 but it's too scary for my wife and she hates bossfights haha. Could you recommend any open-world games with a lot of exploration that don't have much combat (specifically bossfights)? She loved Breath of the Wild as an example

So apparently the "God Of War" live action series for Amazon Prime will be skipping the origin games of Kratos history in God Of War 1-3/Ascension and will instead be a narrative starting off at the 2018 game and Ragnarok for the TV series which is confusing.   I don't understand why you wouldn't just start with the game "Ascension" and then work your way into God Of War 1-3 for his origin story and then go into 2018 and Ragnarok for future seasons so that any new audiences could understand the character a lot better? It seems pointless to just skip his origin story    This is just a baffling and weird decision on Amazon Primes account.


so I bought a corsair 5000d airflow cabinet from amazon. When I tried to open the cabinet their side panel made of "Tempered glass" shattered. So I got in touch with their customer service.  They got back to me after a week asking for my invoice and my address( which was included when I filled up their form). Anyway I replied with all the details they asked me for. Then they again took 1 week to send another email.  This time they asked me to confirm the replacement side panel which was from corsair 4000D. I replied to them that it was wrong panel. It again took them another week to get back to me this time they were requesting me to give my address and invoice?.  This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Never buying a corsair product ever again!.  &#x200B;  EDIT: They sent me wrong side panel. Idk what to do so frusturated about this company.

My wife loves these games and sometimes I’ll be in the room with her and the amount of sub menus or generated events just boggles my mind. I’m exaggerating a little but I think it’s about as close to being God as you can get for $30.  Not to mention that I guarantee AI/ML is going to revolutionize gaming in a few years. Reality is gonna get pretty interesting in a few decades.

This is just a beginners hype post about the game, and a message for anyone who is looking for a GREAT "city" builder.  I put the city in quotations because it's not really a city builder, but it's definitely in a similar vein as city building/base building games.   I just picked this game up today, and Holy crap it's probably one of the best games (judging by the first couple hours) I've ever played.   I knew absolutely nothing going in, but ive been searching for a city builder / management game for a long while now, but have never really found one that actually peeked my interest enough to last past the 2 hour refund window on steam.    The name factorio kept coming up now and again but I never even bothered to look into it for whatever reason.   Then yesterday and today I saw planet zoo was on sale so I grabbed that, loaded it up all pumped. Then I found out my pc is a true potato, and could barely scratch 30 fps on it. So I refunded it immediately.   Then I picked up cities skylines, loaded it up, opened the first campaign thing and was immediately lost. I knew what I was supposed to do, but didn't really feel any inclination to do so.  So I closed it down (to make sure I didn't pass that 2 hour mark, just in case) and watched a bunch more videos about it, to get a better idea if I wanted to keep the game. And although it seems really cool, all the pay walls with the dlc killed my interest in the game. It seems cheesy that I can't even get an airport, or snow in the base game without paying extra money. So I returned that one too.   So the search for a good management/city building game continued.  Like i said before, I'd heard of factorio before, but never actually looked into it because on steam, the trailer they have, with the music going literally gave me a bit of anxiety lmao.  But after spending the whole day looking at ganes like anno 1800 and stuff, I couldn't find anything. So I decided to give factorio a chance.  As soon as I watched 1 video, I saw there was a demo, so I downloaded that right away.   Just in the opening tutorial the game got me hooked. And before I was even done the 2nd part of the tutorial I'd bought and downloaded the full game lol.   This game (seems) to have it all, decent combat, pretty pixel graphics super satisfying gameplay, requires some actual planning for max efficiency.  I think factorio is the first game in a long while I've bought at full price. And it's one of the first games ever that I've bought at full price, without that dirty buyers remorse.  So, to anyone else looking for a GREAT base builder kind of game, with some of the most satisfying gameplay I've ever experienced, you should definitely check out factorio if you haven't already!   You aren't building cities, but you're building a supply chain, which (for me) has been infinitely more enjoyable. The micro management required is exactly what I've been looking for.   There are so many different things you can do, to make everything self automated, so you only have a couple of jobs to do, while your machines do most of the work. But in order to do that, you need to plan it out so that your assembly lines are neat and organized.   Okay! Rant over!! If you read this far, go buy the game!! And if you wanna play coop (there is coop, right?) let me know! :)
You get to pick 3 video games for each 10 year period.

Replaying this game to get prepped for Ragnarok. In these first few hours my heart is breaking watching Kratos struggle to show physical affection for Atreus. Maybe it’s cause I’m a chick, but I’m not alone in this one, right? This game is so beautiful on so many levels. I understand that Kratos’ character development is a huge part of the story, but it still doesn’t get easier to watch on the second go around!  Currently yelling at the tv, “HUG YOUR SON GODDAMMIT!!!” I didn’t play this when it was first released but it’s my second run this year. What a rollercoaster.
Busco compañero para jugar Rainbow Six Siege Requisitos: Que hable español Que sea del servidor de Brasil Que tenga micrófono Que respire (opcional)
I do not consider myself a gamer by any means, however I have been playing one specific game for coming up to 9 years. The game in question? Roblox Murder Mystery 2. I know, nothing super exciting right? Well it is to me, or it used to be. Recently I've noticed I'm enjoying the game less and less, becoming more frustrated with the game every time I join. My friend said it's burnout, and I agree to an extent. I've always had a passion for this game ever since I discovered it, in fact this game is how I've made all of my online friends. I've noticed I'm not as good at the game as I used to be, which I kind of expected would happen eventually, but I still surprise myself and my friends occasionally with stuff I manage to do in the game. (for context: Murder Mystery 2 is a round-based survival-type game)   Not only am I tired of MM2, I'm tired of every game I play. Is it time to let go? Should I take a break, if so how long? How do I get my passion for this game back? I have severe anxiety when it comes to trying anything new, so playing other games is likely not going to happen (sorry).
What are your favorite 10 video games you have ever played?  Really tough to narrow it down, but when I did I found the games in my top 10 were  games that were revolutionary to ME in the sense that they captured my excitement, fascination, time, and just blew me away on every level more than any others.  My list in no order:  Donkey Kong Country 2, Metroid Prime, Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, Legend of Zelda: Majoras Mask, Super Mario 64, Elder Scrolls: Skyrim, Red Dead Redemption 1, Shadow of the Colossus, Left 4 Dead 1, Fallout 3  Honorable Mentions: Portal 1, Control, Knights of Old Repulic 1, Suoer Mario World 2: Yoshis Island, Star Fox 64, Banjo Kazooie

It seems that gaming systems are just out right dying, maybe a hit exclusive here and there but honestly it’s just not worth buying them anymore when most multiplayer games are just cross platform anyway with superior quality, customization, and aim, etc. it’s a bummer really, considering I’ll never put the money down to really invest in a decent gaming computer. I see the end to my gaming days on the horizon now, and it is quite a sad prospect to think about. Anyone else feel that way? Thoughts?
As the title states, I vividly remember there being a Monsters Inc. game for XBOX 360, that was a free roam game. Not the Monsters U Disney Infinity level either. You could explore different parts of the scare factory and even interact with other monsters. As I remember, some monsters may even chase you.  Is this just some weird-ass dream I had, or do other people have memories of a game like this?


Also open to other suggestions. I’m on Xbox.
Hey guys I'm 31 years old, been playing wow off and on pretty much since the beginning and it seems all of my old friends have quit playing, I'm looking for someone to play with, a buddy to text when I get a cool piece of gear, someone to que up dungeons with! If anyone else is feeling the same let me know, I can't be the only one who needs a buddy!



My brother (13) Put in the wrong birthday for epic games, and now they think he is 11. I took away ALL his controls, and reset his name to a randomly generated one. We are trying to get his age reset, and are also trying to change his name. Does anyone know how to? Thanks.  (if it helps at all he plays on Nintendo Switch)



So I'm looking to find some games that have the same style as older games, mario 64, osrs, the original spyro games, etc, any ideas?

Iv been getting into old school arcade games and am looking for some new material. My favorites are Street Fighter 2 and Galaga.
I used to play this game so much why was it removed from everywhere? Facebook version, retro version, and Icy Tower 2 were all amazing games but all of them were removed from everywhere. I wish at the very least they bring the original (1.5) to Steam at a reasonable price! I would gladly buy it even though it used to be free.
I recently got the game on the switch and every time me and my wife play it co-op, we just keep saying to each other how awful a game it is. The graphics are shameful and the camera angles make it nigh unplayable. Does anyone have this experience? We're very confused why all the top gaming blogspots rate this game with such high regard. I don't think I've hated another game as much and I've played almost every game on every system for 20+ years.
*Playing on Xbox one X, hard wired in*  After recently installing the latest shipment update, I launch the game….update requires restart. Some files may be corrupted. Restart. Load. “Press A to start”…..”loading data centers, profiles, message of the day”…….pops me back to main menu “press A to start”. Will not start.   Hard reset ✅ System reset✅ Uninstalled - Reinstalled ✅ Activision account unlinked then linked✅  STILL WILL NOT START. IM PRESSING   ‘ A ‘  Submitted a ticket to activision…pls help. Just thought I could play some CoD after work…
I have a need for speed game that wants to link to origin. What is the result, more tracking bullshit? What information is shared between the companies?
So, title may sound silly (because it is ), but I couldn't think of any other ways to describe it. I'm looking for games like Roadwarden, FNV, and the such where you travel from place to place helping people, delivering messages, killing things. Bonus points if you have games like these with in-depth travelling, where you have to survive and cook and plan. I really enjoy that stuff.     TL;DR: Games where you travel place to place manually, delivering messages, killin things and helping people, like FNV and Roadwarden. Bonus points if you have to survive (cook, plan, hunt, etc)  and take every step yourself like in The Long Dark.

I used to love gaming and playing all different games, I have a collection of different consoles and games across the board, but I don't fine the joy in it anymore.   Is it just a phase?





Note- I am gaming through gaming pc and a long hdmi cable lol
My computer keeps crashing every time I try to open the game for 7 minutes. if anybody knows what could be the problem, please say so

So I worked at GameStop in 2018. The training/new employee quiz we took was actually pretty cool. I remember the intro was like a ton of clips from video games with dragon age inquisition music playing in the background and ended with “power to the players” I can’t find that intro video anywhere. And wanted to know if anyone knows what I’m talking about/ could find a video of it?
I'm sick of AAA games, so I'd like an indie game to play with.


Okay so im wrangling my brain, im fighting for my life here. What is the appeal of   WoW, KOTOR, Skyrim, FF14, The oldschool Turn based RPG's like Final fantasy VI (1994), Elder scrolls online, Mass effect, Fallout   Those types of games, Im not all too knowledgeable on my RPG subgenre termonology, the folks out there are properly able to pull up a darn spreadsheet to categorise these games tidily into correct subgenres.  But that aside, my main late night conundrum is, i for the life of me cannot think of or figure out whats meant to be so appealing about them. Ive only just cracked the shell of entering my 20's in age so its not like its a situation of "ive been playing video games since the great wooly mammoths still roamed the earth" its not a been here done that type of deal, even if ive been playing video games for most of my life. But getting invested into stories and naratives is something i find hard enough to do already with other games. And thats when A list voice actors are pouring their heart and soul (and hundred thousand dollar dialouge) onto me.  Another thing is in many of the examples the gameplay is also very out of your hands, you dont get a sensation of your input being a connection of what you intend, Like for example punching in the Arkham games, Parrying like in Sekiro and the sort. Its like inputting a sequence of numbers or those "Coding for beginners" games where you get introduced to commands like Foreward, turn left, Loop (yall know)   But despite this, oddly enough im a massive lore and timelines guy, FromSoft lore, 40K lore, Metal gear lore, Fallout's lore, Dead space lore, Monster hunter lore. I love lore.  Are Alot of those listed games just kinda like The math of games where it requires a certain type of psychopath to enjoy and understand them or am i forever doomed to rip my hair out in frustration at me just not getting it.
Hi guys today I downloaded the Next Gen PS5 version of The Witcher 3 (through the disc), only it "only" weighed about 40 GB and so in doubt I tried to update it, and in fact when I go to option and go to "Check for update availability" it tells me that the update is available and that I can see it in the "Download in progress" section, however when I go there the section is empty.  The game starts so I could play it, however I don't want there to be precisely an update that the console won't start me. It basically tells me that the game has an update but the update doesn't even start. I've never had this happen before.  Does anyone else have the same problem?

im so new to reddit, wow     i've been searching for this game where a giant flaming animal skull chases you through what seems to be a junkyard/train station of some kind? i feel as if the skull was a bull/goat of some kind. please help me find this game!



So I don't know if this is a memory I have from a game or if it's my fear of deep open water but I need an answer and hopefully y'all can help.   Has anybody played a game where you're either sailing a ship where you're not supposed to or you swim so deep where there's nothing and you go so deep a shark kills you or a kraken or something of that nature? I've played several games now that are open world and I keep getting this sense that my character is going to get swallowed up and I can't put my finger on why.  Didn't know where else to go for this so thanks for any answers you have!
I'm a big fan of [nend.io](https://nend.io), with it's funny, realistic(ish) mechanics, and it's cool artstyle. However, there are a number of issues. Firstly, things deplete too fast to focus on the roleplaying element, and your character dies pretty quick meaning you need to nurture a child to stay alive. Secondly, you can't play the game privately, which means you deal with whoever's online at the time.  Is there a better way? Either a similar game that fixes these problems, a hack of some sort, or an alternative gamemode would all work for me. I am a Mac user, if that matters.  Thanks in advance!



Call of Duty Needs Loot Drops like they have in Borderlands hear me out. So we know there was a Boss Like enemy in Call Of Duty MW22 in the New DMZ mode, Well what if instead of killing the boss and only receiving 1 Weapon/Blueprint they make a few Pro Tuned Blueprints and add Drop Rates to them like the Weapons in Borderlands? 👀


I thought it couldn't possibly get worse than Origin. And having it shoved down my throat was already annoying.  Not only did it take around 50 minutes to download 4MB. (I use cable and got a 70+ MB/s on steam) it lags my whole PC down to a crawl and even made it crash and have to repair itself.  I can use my EA account to play Apex on Steam too, right? Cus I'd rather never use EA Desktop again, what a shit show.
What are the most played online games population wise, at the moment?
My friend and I swap games so I have the complete edition currently installed on my PS4 with all the content that comes with it but it's her game so I don't always have access to the disc. If I were to purchase the base game from the PS Store, would it act the same as having the complete edition or would it simply be the base game?
Or mute your TV. Common courtesy. Seems this current Call of Duty has a serious issue with players having a live mic on with their TV blasting at full volume. Just mute it. Stop forcing me to go find out who is blasting their TV volume and muting you myself.
Not necessarily one of the new ones, anything works

Hi all,  One of my favorite card and turn based magic/adventure RPGs, Battlehand got shut down. It was previously an app for phones, and had a lot of forums on kongregate. Does anyone know where to find a game similar to it? I loved the animation and gameplay. While the paygate got a little ridiculous surrounding buying packs and upgrading cards, the story, arena, and clan war functions were awesome!


Imagine an all In one gaming platform,  We’ve all seen “Player One Ready”  (If you haven’t go watch it) to completely get it!!  Surely it’s possible to (One Day) have an oasis in a proper built VR world just logging on and levelling up enjoying gaming to a proper level enjoying the fun side to it obviously you start with 1 life 😏  But the more I think about the more is anyone actually working in it? Currently designing it? Building a paradise for all gamers taking it to the “Next Level”?  Surely it’s in motion surely someone is creating this world!!   We have all this power / Technology / software / coding / experience / knowledge/ imagination …..   But where do you start with it all ?   Idea start with the loading lobby and expanding off with never ending updates and balance it’s not “Impossible” to a world like the Oasis…. But we aren’t there yet we aren’t ready for anything like that but it doesn’t mean we can’t have a world within a world? Does it? I mean an AI world being the player everything you do is dependent on your skill your movements your thoughts your skill!!  The idea is endless   The gameplay is endless   Diving into the world as the actual player controlling everything physically!!   But you could adapt in away with things you’ve only seen in movies!!   So please tell me someone somewhere out there is building an Oasis   A Pandora of tomorrow future of yesterday!!
As the title says, would It be a good idea buying a ps5 even if i got a Powerful PC Just note to wait years for some games porting?  Do you think It Is even possibile that games like Horizon forbidden west, death standing 2,FFXVI, Spiderman 2 Will never come ti PC?


Like the title says, it baffles me how developers are continuing to add cross play into their games left and right, but are hard struggling on adding cross save. I've dropped so many games over the recent years cause I upgraded to PC and couldn't access my old stuff and I didn't want to pay all over again just to have the same experience. Just wondering if anyone else was feeling the same way.



https://variety.com/2022/tv/news/god-of-war-tv-show-amazon-1235460972/

I played Elder Scrolls Online for 4 years now. ESO has a kind of grind I'm familiar with, I know a moderate amount about it, I am definitely very bad at it, PvE vise, since I struggle pulling off simplest rotations because of my focusing issues and all the pills I take, and PvP is just impossible. I love the stories and quests, and earning gold is very satisfying. I have 18 Argonians, all fully customized and unique, but only 1 of them has any resemblance of an actual working build that I can do PvE with. I'm in a long standing Serbian guild, after my brakes from the game, they always welcome me back. I am financially what one might call poor in a sense that I can afford 1 luxury at month let's say, being that a new shirt or a ESO subscription (that I can't play the game without). I love this game, even if everybody around me disapproves of it.  Now Guild Wars 2. I know very little of this game, the grinds, the people, to good spots, the PvP/PvE. Heart quests were fun to do, but to get any actual story I need the super pricey DLCs. I'm having fun with Guild Wars 2, but I'm very doubtful of it, it could just be the "honeymoon" effect of playing a new game and liking stuff. No lizard race was a con for me, but made up with the Charr cat/dragon race. Absolutely loving the animation work in the game, compared to ESO, animations are God tier and satisfying. Every item payed with real money can be grinded for in game gold. No subscription HUGE plus in my book.  I recently got a job, and got payed the other day. Now I have to decide, do I want to once again return to ESO by paying the subscription, or pay for all the Guild Wars 2 DLCs and commit to this game instead. I would love to play both, but having a full time 9h shift job, and limited disk storage, I am forced to pick.  Please give me your opinions and how you feel about these games, and what would be the best long time commitment?
We have flight simulator, farming simulator, forklift simulator, goat simulator……
Hi everyone. Running out of games to play. Anyone got any solid turn based games to suggest I play?   I'd prefer if its not front facing, I like to see my characters as well (like how Final Fantasy sets up their fights). I'd also prefer menu style, like Pokemon or Final Fantasy. I'd like to avoid setups like Final Fantasy Tactics or Chrono Trigger.   Please no Final Fantasy. I've played 4-10. Alot.   Thank you!
coming from ps4 for a long time I've been using my gaming pc ryzen 5600 and gtx 1050 ti 16gb of ram. short of the story is I think my fun is being hindered by fps dips, I know this is all in my head, but I feel like I stop playing games due to "low fps" and this happens when I'm even at 50 which is almost double ps4 idk I'm ranting, anyone got a cure ?
Hey all. Two weeks ago i bought a brand new pc, but it keeps crashing at random. For certain games, (Cyberpunk 2077) it runs fine on all settings maxed, RTX included. But keeps crashing at random on most others. Here's the build: [https://pcpartpicker.com/list/brq7Fg](https://pcpartpicker.com/list/brq7Fg). I don't know what the problem may be. The shop where i bought the pc, said that it may be because of the power in the house, specifically the neutral. I have no idea how to fix that if its the case. I tried to buy a eaton protection strip but it keeps crashing anyway. Any and all help is appreciated.  EDIT: Forgot to mention that the CPU is with a stock AMD cooler.  https://preview.redd.it/j3v6tb3krx5a1.png?width=527&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=98fffac63aba258fc991b2960393e5a6cff16f8e  EDIT 2: Picture of idle temps.  Pic 2 and 3 are for under load  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/shdzzratvx5a1.png?width=259&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=3b214e4fec68fb61fadbfd0fd7df4bc86b162909  https://preview.redd.it/4keuh64wvx5a1.png?width=517&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=1b232faed7f84bbfa0b268bd0273f790ac08ca7a
How is Project Playtime using a 100% of my gpu and Warzone 2 uses not nearly as much.
 “Wheel of Time” boss Rafe Judkins set as showrunner. Thoughts?
Hello!  I am looking for split-screen or local co-op games that I can play with my wife.  We have a Switch, and a PS4.  I also have a decent PC as well as an Oculus Quest 2, but not sure those would be satisfactory.  She is not a gamer but I'm trying to find things to do together, so games that don't take a lot of skill would be ideal.  We already like playing Mario games so I am good there, but I'm looking for something a little more hardcore yet not too difficult that we could enjoy together.    If I could find a medieval or science-fiction fantasy type game, especially one with some sort of level progression, that we could enjoy together, that would be perfect for me; hopefully I haven't scared anyone with good suggestions away with my high demands but at the end of the day, I just want to hear some recommendations.  Thanks for reading!

I'm new to pc gaming and I get the idea of using a mouse to aim, but coming from a decade plus of console gaming, it seems weird to me use the keyboard. Is there like a wii nunchunck thing i could use instead?

So much in Subnautica references vehicles and items meant for space use and not to meantion the lore to space faring companies. The core thalassophobia aspect of Subnautica would translate to the vastness of space. It could introduce new mechanics such as gravity, in base/vehicle oxygen generation. And it would present opportunities for entirely new biomes to explore. I imagine it being set in the exploded ruins of a planet or dense asteroid cluster. What do you think? Would you play it?



So, this is a VERY odd and specific question, I know...   But as I am studying game design and I am preparing for my finals, I am planning on making a form of... thesis on comparing Diablo 2 and Diablo 3.   Their gameplay design, their story structure, what people prefer etc.   And as a portion of said thesis I was planning on including the general thoughts of the gaming community.   So I am making this post to simply try and gather detailed opinion on the differences between Diablo 2 and Diablo 3.     So, if anyone is willing to help, could you please give detailed explanations for following:   Which game do you prefer? Diablo 2 or Diablo 3? And why?   What parts of the gameplay do you enjoy?   What parts of the story do you enjoy?   What parts of the loot do you enjoy?   Please, do try and give detailed and as non-biased responses as possible.   If you are able, do also try and acknowledge issues you have with either game.   (Anything from Diablo 2's difficulty spikes, to Diablo 3's less interesting loot and build structure)     I thank you for any and every piece of information or opinions you are willing to give.   (I hope this is allowed).   With kind regards.


I love Christmas Updates more than actual Christmas themed games to be honest.   I love when an already normal game gets Christmasafied for the holidays.   So far I have GTA Online, Fortnite, Overwatch 2 & Arkham Origins.   Does anyone know if any other games are having Christmas Updates? Or even mods to download that are Christmas themed?

https://youtu.be/qL4-E53Ed58

Discuss
Typically when I play games, I’m either playing Super Smash Bros or Apex Legends, but I enjoy 1 player puzzle games on occasion. I recently asked some family who are big gamers for any recommendations for any puzzle games and they recommended The Witness, but told me to not look up anything about it. They said that it’ll blow my mind about half way through.  I’ve played about an hours worth, but I’m not sure I’m digging it. It’s definitely a puzzle game & I enjoy the looks, but I like more of physics puzzle games, such as Limbo or Inside. I still haven’t looked up anything to avoid any spoilers, but is the entire game going to be “connect this line to here” type of puzzles?


I’m old, retired, and know nothing about games.   But years ago, I used to love playing Nintendo ‘1080 Snowboard’ either alone, or with my kids.   Other than finding an old Nintendo system and the cartridge, is there any other way to play the game? Are there modern games like it? Is there an archive/source of old games?  Thanks for any help or suggestions

So many great games are lost in time because of improper care of old games. Thoughts?

Hi I’m want to get back into Pokémon. I have a Nintendo switch light. Any suggestions on which one I should start with?

On steam you just need to go to the properties menu, go to beta, and select the only option available. May or may not have to reinstall the game if you've already done the update. Seen too many people complaining about how they should have made a separate version or that the game is ruined. They did make a separate version and you can go back to playing the old one if you want.
Does reject rewards in side quest increase yor honor?





JOINNN TALK ABOUT VIDEO GAMES WITH ME
I feel the need to get something off my chest.   I've been trying to get back into gaming. I remember the joy I felt growing up of playing my favorite game and the excitement of looking forward to playing it. I miss that excitement and decided to get back into it.   I went out and bought the new call of Duty fired up the PS4 and put the disk in. Now, I understand that it takes some time to download and update the game so I planned to not play it until the next day.   The next day rolls around, me thinking I've downloaded and installed the updates, looking forward to playing but no. There wasn't enough room on my PS4 to download everything!   Okay, slightly annoyed, I delete some old games I had and make space. 3 hours to finish the download so I figure I'll just play tomorrow.   Tomorrow rolls around and eurica! Everything seems to be good for me to play!  I played for about 30 mins before I had to go, but I was looking forward to playing again.   Fast forward to today, I have a tight 30 min window to play for a bit so I log on and uh oh!   Please download update to use application.   Update file is another 8 GB and will take over an hour.   I've just started playing again and I'm already too sick of this to continue. I miss the days when you could just plug in a disk and play, instead of having to download GB's worth of stuff every time you log in.   I'm so dissapointed.   Apologies for whining about something that is, I'm assuming, a well known problem or just something everyone has to deal with.

I've been a Playstation guy since the PS1 days, and I have the PS5 but I'm considering getting a next gen Xbox as well. Just curious what the major differences are between them because the series S looks far cheaper. I know there are differences in the amount of memory and graphic capabilities, but does anyone have any further info? Is the Series S worth it for the price or does it make more sense to spend more for the Series X?


 I can get any one of these games for my switch. Should i go for Pokemon Violet (i played other mainline pokemon games before) or should i get Persona 5 Royal for switch ( Never played persona before). Would appreciate some assistance.
Wondering if somebody can recommend to me a good clone (or close approximation) of Tetra Master from FF9.  I've tried Tetra Master Lite & it's okay, but I'm hoping there's a better one out there.  Thanks!


There seems to be a new driver available to download almost every week, specifically called the Geforce Game Ready Driver. It's usually around 600mb.  What the hell is this for? I see no differences when I download them.
Hey all, I know Sony has started releasing its exclusives on PC (Spiderman, GOW) Is there any rumors of when, or if, Tsushima might arrive? I really want to play it


Hey yall, as the title suggests I'm finally getting around to playing the backlog of games I have in my library and decided to start with The Witcher 3, considering all the hype surrounding it recently. I'm downloading the game right now and I'm just looking for any basic level advice to start my playthrough, as the title suggests I've never played it before but I've played plenty of RPGs (mainly Skyrim and Fallout, among others) but I'm just looking for anything that I might not think of on my own. If it's related to the storyline, please try and keep it as vague as possible for me? Comments and links to guides are all appreciated!
I am so looking forward to Starfield, it's quite pitiful. But all the great game I love or loved have all pretty much been destroyed from the inside-out by stupid, greedy, short-sighted decision of their own developers and producers. Star Wars Galaxies ruined by John Smedley's attempt to turn to the game into WoW. Then came Blizzard's own decision to turn World of Warcraft into a simpler, quicker game before a transition into a mobile-oriented platform. Tomb Raider... Fallout 76... Cyberpunk 2077... And so on and so forth.  So, what decision do you think Todd has already made regarding Starfield that's going to break your heart from the outside, and force you to go outside or just read a book?
hey got a gtx 1050 and a ryzen 5600 16gb of ram, I'll be hip fully upgrading soon but I feel Gate kept from fun lol. looking for games that would run great  playing wow alot,  recently got king maker that's fun  but idk whata going on with me losing my drive to game and its probs because I'm so bored lol. looking for suggestions for games big and small
&#x200B;  Hi,  I bought some generic usb N64 controllers for my nvidia shield using MupenPlus64.    The problem I have is the "S" or "Start" button is mapped to my home button for the Nvidia shield.  I have tried unmapping but its not really a proper solution, and it didnt work the nvidia controllers didnt do anything when the home button was hit, but the "Start" button  on the N64 Controllers still returns home, so not sure how its mapped or what its actually mapped to.    &#x200B;  All the other buttons work fine, but I obviously need the start button.  Is it possible to create two buttons(say A&B) pressed together - long press) to map to the "Start"   button of the controller?  I have tried this though and everytime I use an already existing button that is mapped it removes it from the previously mapped button even when   its used in combination with another one for "Start".  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  Thanks  Paul
My church has tasked me with redesigning the game room with new Systems. We currently have a switch, Xbox One S, and 2 PS4s. The kids like to play on them but most hangout downstairs. The pastor wants it to be fast & simple to play.  My idea is to go "Retro" PS3s Xbox 360s & Wiis. Most of these kids have the new consoles at home, but most probably don't have their older systems hooked up so when they come to church, they can play stuff from when they were younger.  There is no budget, if I wanted to, I could buy PS5s and XSS. However, I think hitting on nostalgia would increase traffic in the game room. Also, it would save money, less updating of consoles, updating on games, and I want to play Wii sports.  What're yalls thoughts? Should I go Retro, or should I go high tech new stuff? Going to brief the pastor on my decision tomorrow night for approval to start ordering everything.  &#x200B;  TLDR; making game room for kids aged 11-18. Should I buy new consoles or go "retro" for nostalgia
So, I am looking for new game to buy, I mostly enjoy simulation sandbox games, for example Kerbal Space Program, I have tried to play BeamNG drive but i have not enough RAM, I am looking for game that won't need strong PC.








I'm looking for a new joystick, I've been using a wired xbox 360 joystick for a while, which is an excellent controller but I want something wireless.  When I decided to buy a new controller, I thought the new Xbox series X controllers, and rapidly became very very disappointed on it's lack of lithium battery in the base controller, but as an quite expensive accesory; I do not consider this as an option, if they are shameless enough to sell it like that, I wont buy it period.  While searching I only found two options: PS5 controller, and Nintendo Switch controller, the Switch Pro controller seems very nice, also has the left joystick in the upper section as Xbox; I've almost bought it but wanted to ask first if it's good enough for PC.  And also what about PS5 Dualsense for PC? with PS4 Dualshock, one must use a 3rd party program to make the controller usable for PC, what about the PS5 one?  I do not know anything about other brands, so I haven't even looked for random controllers, the last time I bought a joystick from a random brand, it was awful but maybe that has changed idk.
With more and more games being heavily developed in Unreal Engine 5, should we worry about the so called "4K Gaming Killer GPUs" like the RTX 4090 or the RX 7900 XTX not being able to run next gen games as great as last gen? Personally me I enjoy 1440p at 240fps if possible but 4K still looks like something I will hang up in the closet for a couple years for now

Here's everything we know about the upcoming live action TV series "Fallout" from Bethesda Studios for Amazon Prime coming to us in 2023 exclusively    The show is being written and showrun/produced by Johnathon Nolan who gave us Westworld, and is a massive passionate fan of the games history/lore.   The show will not adapt any of the games narratives instead giving us an original storyline set in the larger mythology and lore of the franchise for fans and new audiences.    The show follows Walton Goggins who is portraying a Ghoul as we follow his journey through the horror of the wasteland in pre-war era and apocalypse life.    Through leaked photos posted online already, we know that the vaults are built in massive practical sound stages, power armor suits are practical large costumes, vault suits and the dwellers are accurate to the franchise.    The show has been described as a mature, serious alternative history science fiction action series with dark humor related to the situation and storytelling as the original games had.    Kyle Mclaughlin(Twin Peaks, Blue Velvet) is set to be in the series as a lead character, but unknown at the time.    Johnathon Nolan had a video promoting the series on the net which had him sitting infront of a massive wasteland with actual town buildings behind him, with a power armor suit hand reaching out to give him a "nuka cola" glass bottle with Pepsi inside as he spoke passionately about the series and franchise.    They have stated that 85% of the show will be real on set practical effects with the remaining percent put towards the CGI needed where they can't do it real so the actors have something to react to and work with.    Ella Purnell(Army Of The Dead) is portraying a vault dweller.   There will be references and easter eggs for fans of the franchise in the series.   No word on Ron Pearlmans involvement with the TV series but given that Johnathon Nolan is a big fan of the games and his work we can definitely bet he will be in there somewhere either as the Narrator or a part of the world.    Vault 32/33 are going to be featured heavily in the plot of this TV series.   Pip-boy machines have been built practically and are fully functional without green screens for the series.
I'm in my 30's and I have been a gamer all my life. I am a college graduate with a great paying job, I own a nice house, I pay my taxes, work 40+ a week, I exercise daily.  I grew up playing Sega Genesis and Sony's first PlayStation. Into adulthood, video games are still my favorite hobby - it's really my only hobby that I get any enjoyment out of. When I have freetime, it's the only thing that I seek out. When I take vacation from work, I spend it playing video games. I'm an indoorsman - I despise traveling and don't find anything worth doing outside. Being in crowds is anxiety inducing and uncomfortable.  My spouse and I met long distance and video games is how we spent time together when we lived apart - conquering teams in TLOU Factions MP, kidding ourselves that we can complete Dark Carnival on Expert in L4D2, watching the sun set over the ocean together in Los Santos, earning the platinum trophy together in Borderlands 2. We still play video games together all the time and I credit video games for solidifying our bond.  However, more often than not, I feel a dissonance inside me. One that compels me to all but convince myself that video games are not time well spent; "I should be doing something more 'productive'", "This is time wasted", "Am I going to regret all this time spent when I'm laying on my death bed?". It almost feels like a *guilt* of some kind. At times I can't find it in me to relax and enjoy the game in front of me because I have this anxiety about my time spent on video games.  Where does this come from?  * Is it depiction of video games in media?    * So often in media, burnt-out lazy characters are depicted playing video games, looking like a slob and this isn't accurate or fair. This is misrepresentation of video games being the lazy person's pastime.    * Video games are often depicted and correlated with adolescence in media. "Video games are for kids."     * I won't touch on the frequent political attacks on video games, but it's a thing that exists and it's damaging to the reputation of video games as a hobby. * I grew up with conservative, male adult figures in my life that have, on more than one occasion, discouraged playing video games. Did this plant a seed of shame in my brain?    * There's a correlation between conservatism and vilifying video games - that's all I'll say on that * Is it my self-conscious insecurity exploited by social media showing me the narrow snapshots of other people living out fairy-tale-like lives? Where seemingly everyone on social media are prodigies and over-achievers?    * i.e. "Well that person is only 22 and their face is being sculpted into Mt. Rushmore, meanwhile I just work and play video games."    * I know social media is fake and is designed to exploit insecurity, but damn, it sure does it's job.  So, I'm curious; does this sound familiar to anyone? Have any of you experienced this? Is this reasonable? Are these petty complaints? or have I simply laid out the case that I need to see a therapist?  Thanks for reading.





All of my gaming friends are overly competitive. Always trying to have more kills in FPS games, higher stats, more achievements, more skins, etc..   Am I the only person that hides new games from these people as to not ruin my personal enjoyment?   For example: I’ve recently stumbled upon Sea Of Thieves. Nothing really competitive about it. My girlfriend and I play it side by side with each other on our own setups, and we both appear offline. We don’t want either of our friends to download the game and join us without asking, and then making it competitive and therefore no longer fun.   Does anyone else do things like this?   When did gaming get like this?

So Amazon Prime just greenlit an official live action series based on the "God Of War" franchise which is going to be so damn awesome, especially when you look at violent properties such as "The Boys" and it's spin off set in college coming next year as a sign of great adaptions. This has me questioning so much.    I wonder who's going to play as Kratos, and if they are going to get into his origins with the Greek Lore first or jump straight into the 2018/Ragnarok story.    https://bloody-disgusting.com/tv/3743689/amazon-just-ordered-a-god-of-war-live-action-series/

I need somewhere that is reliable and unbiased where I can check if a game is worth buying or not.



BRING IT BACK!




I’ll start.  Terraria and Minecraft are not FUN games  EDIT: changed bad to fun since I triggered someone too hard for not being specific enough. Reading comprehension can be hard  EDIT 2: it’s my writing comprehension that is garbage, it’s all garbage, I’m garbage, just submit your gaming opinions doodZ
 *Cards of Eternity* is a brand-new free-to-play collectible card game from Aether Games, creators of *Gates of Ethernity*. Similar in execution to *Hearthstone*, *Cards of Ethernity* adapts the characters and creatures from *Gates of Ethernity* into a competitive card battler. Players can collect cards via crafting or through the in-game store and use them to assemble decks and take on players across the globe.  After a successful stint in closed beta, *Cards of Ethernity* is now entering open beta for everyone to participate. Available starting on December 13, 2022, players can download the official client of [*Cards of Ethernity’s* website](https://coe.gg/) for free and get to collect their cards. At launch, 150 cards will be available and will be split across six different creature types. These include dragons, trolls, fairies, beasts, demons, and elementals.  Each deck in *Cards of Ethernity* consists of 30 cards with an in-game avatar functioning as your player character. These avatars, known as Adventurers, come with a unique pet that has an ability to turn the tide of a battle in your favor. While they may only be used once per game, they will become integral in the makeup of your decks.  Another unique feature in *Cards of Ethernity* is the ability to sacrifice specific cards to restore your Aether (which essentially acts as mana). With each deck allowing players to have two copies of a specific card, you can sacrifice repeats to power yourself up and gain access to stronger attacks earlier. While those cards will then be out of play, you just might make a Hail Mary that wrestles control away from your opponent.  At launch, *Cards of Ethernity* will feature 10 adventurers and a plethora of pets. As you do battle and increase your skill, your adventurer will level up and earn passive traits for each level. Currently, there are only 10 levels of mastery, but you are free to swap adventurers whenever you see fit. Mixed with pets, you can create decks that are strong on offensive, have more of a defensive focus, or a mixture of the two. The possibilities are seemingly endless.  You can get started in *Cards of Ethernity* today by downloading the launcher from [Aether Games’ website](https://coe.gg/). The game will be available on Windows PC with mobile versions coming in the future and is free-to-play. Cards may be purchased, but can also be crafted with in-game currency.  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/cqmat130hw5a1.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=128d668a0dd0efb7da5ee1b4ec96290f76fc2855

My gaming library is massive from just getting a bunch of the games when they are free in the epic store. There's no way I'd have time to play them all. Any recs? Thanks! :)
Recent conversation around some statements big streamers like Dr Disrespect made about all games just being copy paste, and please give us a good FPS game. I think that couldn't be further from the truth. I am a variety gamer, and sometimes I just sit and browse game library's to see what's being made.. Not only is there amazing games every which way you look, it's almost to the point that there is TOO many good games out there, and I either can't get my friends to play them all, or I just don't have time.   I think what those streamers mean to say is, "please make a game I personally enjoy that also is extremely stream marketable".   I would list some of the games I'm speaking on, but it's literally an infinite list. So many good options on steam, epic store, all over. Stuff you'd never hear about unless you tried them! I truly think we are in the golden age and many are too stubborn or arrogant to see that (I also think it's only getting better)


Maybe I haven't been playing the right games, but I miss when the credits would have a special little thank you message, like "and you!" at the very end.  It would be nice to see that again.

Hi everyone, just what the titles said, I am questioning myself how to do with my console and I would like to receive the feedback from you about what to do.  To put things in context, currently I have a SX, a Switch and a PS4. The problem I have with the console is the delivery rate of games and the frustration I have with the planning from the Microsoft studios.   At the moment, we do not have dates for any of the announced projects, and the ATVI acquisition does not give me hopes, as it seems to not suceed (which have been the cornerstone for this 2022). In this current state, I am not feeling confident of what to expect from the Microsoft Studios or even what can supose a possible failure in this attempt (Will Microsoft leave the gaming space?). And I am starting to feed up about this uncertainty.  In the current state of events, I am thinking of getting rid of the console, even though I have a library of more than 200 videogames, and grab a PS5. The problem is that I am not sure if this would be a good idea or not.  The decision I have to made is selecting to stay with Xbox or move to PS5. For now, I am not planning on buying a new PC, as I do not like to upgrade it constantly, and I like the standalone solution offered by a console. Moreover, I would like to have one console at time: my time is so tiny that I could only pend 8 hours per week or so. Having both Xbox and PS is a bit redundant in my case.  What would you do in my situación? Does the move make sense?  Let console wars away, as this is not what I am pretending with this post. This is only a feedback post 😊  Thank you!






After years of avoiding it, I finally performed a big system upgrade to support the move from 1080 to 1440p; what should I play? OW (unfortunately) is my long-time multiplayer addiction—I’m enjoying playing it at 1440p/240hz, and I only have room in my life for one competitive (!) multiplayer game, so I’m looking for fun, engaging, single player eye-candy. Like most of us, I have a bunch of stuff unplayed (or unfinished) on my Steam list, but I’m looking for some new stuff that I’ve missed. Help me fill out my list with some great recommendations. So far I’m thinking:  Spider-Man (just played Miles Morales—it was really fun and I hear Spider-Man is even more fleshed out)  RDR2  I owe myself another journey through the Lands Between (not new, but a must)  FFVII Remake / Crisis Core  Hades  I guess I should play God of War (those games got really stale for me in the PS2/3 days but it’s apparently a masterpiece)

Hello! I need some help on this, I’ve been seeing things say “if you buy 3 years of Xbox live and then you can redeem all 3 years to your account and then pay $1 you can convert it to ultimate and you would have 3 years of game pass” is this still true? Or did Microsoft get rid of this? Can I buy more than 3 years?
I have use of my middle finger, pointer, and thumb on both hands. I have two pins in the right so it’s significantly more limited. I tried playing Warzone with the boys and that DID NOT work, but we found that I can play games like Fall Guys that don’t need much hand movement. I play PC but have access to a controller. PLEASE give me some ideas I’m going crazy over here!
So this will be a little long but...   I remember watching this CGI cinematic in best buy in the mid 2000's as a kid. Ive spent literal hours trying to find it again. It started with a group of people fleeing from a bunch of demons towards a church, that has an underground bunker that will keep them safe. The people are wearing suits of Armour and there is one woman who as cloak on and when she takes it off she is bald but has like tubes or wires on here head and she can use magic. near the end the leader of the group and the magic girl have to give there lives for the bunker to have time to seal itself. at the end of it cuts to years later and humanity is ready to go back out and fight the demons.  P.S: i think it is focused around the leaders daughter  ~~P.S.S i will love who ever can help me with this.~~
so i just want to ask is gta 5 worth it in 2022
I had it back in the day on the Xbox One and really enjoyed it. I was going to buy it a couple of days ago through Steam because it was £5.99 but I decided to wait until today to read the reviews of the new update. It then went up to £24.99!  Does the new update make a big difference to the experience? I'll be playing it on PC this time.
I am rather new to PC gaming and I know my specs aren't bad but they aren't the greatest so I was wondering whether there was a website or software that can check whether my specs are good enough to run a game smoothly, sort of how Xbox does it on their app. Any help is appreciated :)
So i want a laptop and i dont know anything about them, so can can you suggest me what laptop is the best to buy under like 40k or should i get one custom made under 40k. (Sorry if i offend someone by my thought of getting one made under 40k /s)

I want a game where I play an individual with powers. Whether set in the past present or future. It's a single player game with online lobbies like RDR2 or GTA, so I can work with or fight others if I want. It's very story rich, bioware/Bethesda style with choices that matter. Would have continual content releases like GTA, but again story focused. Even if it was set in a Fable like setting. Games that would inspire this world would be. DCUO, but not MMO. Fable but with small online. Mass Effect, but with much more updates and dlc. GTA with super powers and you can play as a good guy. Honestly if Mass Effect had content releases like Hitman 3 or GTA I'd be stoked. You the main character must feel powerful and special. So if this game already exist, let me know.
I’ve heard of souls game for a while now, especially people comparing Elden Ring to them, but no one has been able to give me an actual description of what a “Souls” game is. Could anyone on here tell me? Thanks
1. Ghost of Tsushima - After the first act I really lost motivation to continue after seeing the same mission padding that didn't uniquely change combat wise.     2. Returnal - I'm just not a fan of rogue-like games and this one didn't change my mind on them.     3. Blasphemous - The bland level design couldn't keep me motivated to continue even though the gameplay and aesthetics were outstanding.     4. Hollow Knight - Same thing reason as Blasphemous.     5. Celeste - The abundance of accessibility features was wildy discouraging for me to care.
Hello, I need some data for a class project I'm doing which I simply need a quick rating of your specific enjoyment of Japanese Role-Playing Games and specifically the game Final Fantasy 7, I would appreciate if you can give these in a rating between 1-10 in whole numbers please. This is very much appreciated I need this by tonight so thank you so much :)
After years without an update (2012 to be exact) the game has not received an update yet Nintendo just made one without saying why! What do you think about it?
Hi all, I’m curious; as I don’t know what exact url to go to but…  These X/S systems seemed ahead of their time when released as we have ultra high speed (hdmi 2.1) and there’s not a lot of 2.1 tvs and monitors on the market.   Does anyone know of a smaller hdmi 2.1 120hrtz tv on the market?   I play 4k 60hrtz on tv with series x but I also play 1440p 144 hrtz on pc.   Thank you for feedback

Iv just purchased a handheld retro machine that has games from the 64/ps1/snes/nes/Dreamcast/mega drive /master system. Anyone got any good recommendations of what I should play first . Mainly prefer action/adventure/RPG but open to any ideas
I have interacted a lot with both and already have an answer, but I want to see what you think.

I’ve been reading more and more about failed consoles that I had only ever heard about when I was younger and I was curious, what’s your favourite and why should it have taken off?



I don’t post much but I feel like this topic should get some attention. As the title says, M&K is being implemented into FPS genre, Halo Infinite to precise.  As I come from both camps (13 on console, now on PC) I feel like this is alarming and M&K should NOT have any kind of assist, I don’t say that aim assist is bad, console players have on their thumbs to control their aim, unlike PC players that have their whole desk to do so.  This completely removed any form of skill, thus in my opinion also removing the fun factor.   What do you think? Feel like this should be discussed. If this a some kind of repost, please delete it.

I have ‘The Division’ and ‘Days Gone’. I seem to recall generally mixed reviews for both when they came out and one reason or another I never started either of them, can you guys maybe recommend which one I should start and put some time in to? Thanks!
Hey everyone, I’m looking for people to game with , a game group/party or something  , where we play games together, multiplayer or single player (preferred)  I just want to have some people to game with and share the passion for the industry with , almost all of my friends are not gamers beside the random mobile game or the blockbuster sports/shooters  I’m not good at multiplayer competitive shooters so yes  If we don’t find multiplayer games that we wanna try , we can choose a single player game and go through it (like reading a book in a book club or something)  Preferable platform: pc/steam , but consoles are fine too  I like single player games more , but open to try some multiplayer games   If you or someone you know might be interested, DM me, let’s chat a bit  If this is not the right place to ask , would really appreciate it if you redirect me to where do you think I should start.. Thank you.  Edit:  Some basic informations about me : Male , 23y.o.   Languages : English , Arabic  Timezone : GMT+3  Regarding specific gaming schedule, I don’t know , I’m a resident doctor so my hours are kinda hectic   Favorite genres: open world rpgs , metroidvanias , roguelikes  Favorite games : hollow knight , Enter the Gungeon , Legend of Zelda :BOTW , Rocket League.

For being fair...
I want to know what people think of a game that is half open world half not, what i mean by this is the game is linear in where it wants you to go but those linear areas are "open world" meaning that they have areas you can explore inside them. Example of this: Imagine an rpg, but instead of being able to go where ever whenever, you have the specific areas the story wants you to go to but inside those areas instead of having a million bits around that are blocked off, like those sewer pipes that you wonder whats on the other side of or that collection of buildings you think could've been cool to see more of, those areas are fleshed out into a contained "open world" environment. Imo this allows for extremely fleshed out areas but without having to make a whole world you can go to with less detail. I don't mean open world areas should be confined, i'm more thinking along the lines of a game that doesn't need massive open areas to go to and from so instead opting to flesh out the areas that you actually should be going to. In visual terms the world is like an extremely fleshed out dungeon layout instead of a massive blob of world filled with superficial stuff and slightly more detailed key locations.  Summaried points are do you prefer a true open world or a confined linear game with freedom inside the areas you are meant to go to
What game is it and why? How many hours days years have you spent in said game?
I have been watching this game waiting for the Sony playstation release and have seen 0 updates. It still just says announced and was supposed to release this past summer. Does anyone know of an official delay or why it isn't available as it was supposed to be and all the press releases said it would be?






Looking to buy a prebuilt and upgradable PC, any suggestions (I live in Austria so I’d need shipping)

Does anyone know how to fix this? Just started playing Wittcher 3 again because of the update. But the grass looks weird af.   [Witcher 3 Next-Gen update: Grass help](https://preview.redd.it/2rhn60dr8v5a1.png?width=2543&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=562ae5f3363b12247a0b2cf01bef533e744b9d8c)
* The game is developed by [Avalanche Software](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avalanche_Software). This studio has existed for more than 26 years and has released 'banger' series such as **Disney Infinity** (avg metacritic score 75/100 and 6.1/10) or **Cars** (average metacritic score 58/100 and 6.3/10). Hogwarts Legacy is their first AAA game, first RPG game as well as first Unreal Engine game. * The game is published by [Portkey games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portkey_Games). This company has published 4 other games, all being mobile games set in Wizarding World universe, making Hogwarts Legacy their first game to publish on PC, PS, Xbox and Switch * The game has **Playstation-exclusive content** for 1 year:    * Exclusive quest "Haunted Hogsmeade Shop"    * An extra dungeon    * Exclusive Shop to Sell items . This shop allows you to "sell items and gear at better rates than anywhere else"    * Recipe for Felix Felicis Potion to temporarily show location of chests * The game has rather sizeable **pre-order bonuses**:    * Dark Arts Pack (Dark Arts Cosmetic Set, Thestral Mount, Dark Arts Battle Arena)    * Dark Arts Garrison Hat    * 3-Day Early Access * The game has been **already delayed thrice**    * In 2020 it was announced to be released in 2021    * In 2021 it was announced that the release is delayed until holidays 2022    * In 2022 it was announced that PC, PS5 and Series X versions are going to be delayed to February 10th 2023. It was also announced that PS4 and XBONE versions are going to be delayed to April 4th 2023, and that switch version is delayed to July 25th 2023 * Although the developers have denied there were microtransactions, there were rumors about **day 1 DLC** * **JK Rowling will get royalties** from sales of the game. It was not disclosed how much she gets, and it's difficult to estimate how well will the game sell, but it's expected to be in 7 or 8 figures.


Pretty sure it was a ps2 game, you'd ride motorcycles while racing and you would try to stop your opponents with weapons such as bats. Can't remember the title for the life of me, but I'd love to have it in my collection nowadays. Any tips are greatly appreciated.
I was able to get myself a copy of RDR GoTY recently, I haven’t started playing yet but I have heard that there’s several issues & glitches with Undead Nightmare on the Series X, in particular a headless zombie glitch.   Does anybody know if there’s any way around this at all?
My boyfriend has had his Astro’s and Mixamp for almost 4 years and they both need replaced. I, however, know nothing about this. I’ve seen good things about the Arctis Pro Nova but I was wondering if the wired Arctis Pro + Gamedac would be a good replacement for his entire set now? I just don’t know how to compare the mixamp to the gamedac and the headsets. I also don’t know if the Arctis Pro would be okay instead of the Arctis Pro Nova. I found it on sale lol

The concept is fun but I have the impression that something is missing...  https://preview.redd.it/7k77bjh61v5a1.jpg?width=1920&format=pjpg&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=ed348200e7ea4cbcd500250d2271bbd92d39d85a
If all goes well, Santa is bringing a Ninetendo Switch for my 8 year old son on Christmas. What games would you recommend for someone his age? We have N64 and he loves Mario, DK, Mario Kart, and Zelda.
I don't understand it. If anyone says anything about the graphics of this system being poor they are downvoted into oblivion or people try to argue it. I have a switch, had an Xbox one, now have a PC. I've played PS4 and PS5 enough to hold an opinion as well. I can say, without a doubt, that the switch is the poorest quality system of them all. It feels cheaply made and cannot handle most modern games.   Don't get me wrong, I love my switch. I love it for its mobility, but I won't fool myself for a second in thinking that it is in the same ranks as any system that has come out in the last 10-15 years. I think it is a joke that this new Harry Potter game is being ported. I seen what the witcher looked like, and it was garbage, hot garbage. I feel like the switch holds a place in people's hearts that just makes it seem like it's a better system than it is.  Am I completely off base here? What is your opinion? At the end of the day, I'll always love my switch for what it is. I understand that some people may only have a switch as a system and that's completely fine. I'm not trying to change your mind or tell you what to play, I just simply do not understand the hype about the switch other than the titles themselves, which are a totally different thing.  Edit: use this post as proof that people are far too touchy about their Switch.




Hey, ich suche Jemmanden der mit mir lust hat entspannt Grounded (PC/xbox) zu spielen. (Alter: 16+ )
My boyfriend likes StarCraft. Like A TON (main Zerg, if it means something). He asked me to play with him, but I just get so lost. I'd love to give it a try but where can I start? Is there like a tiny steps guide or something?  EDIT: Imma add it's Stacraft 2! My bad lol

I‘d like to start with I find Elden Ring pretty much overrated. It‘s just Dark Souls in open world and the whole Internet went crazy about it.
Hello, I'm rebuilding a collection of video games I had as a child, but I'm worried I'm forgetting about a few. What are some games you played as a kid, and for what console?  Edit: anywhere from super nintendo to modern Era
I always wanted to play some open world apocalyptic games where I raid houses for weapons, ammo and other resources while being with a friend. I would love it if it was open world and would be able to continue exploring, fighting hordes etc after the game story ends (if it has one). Does anybody have any games to suggest?  Ps: dont suggest minecraft I am looking for something better

It’s my boyfriends birthday soon and he wants a gaming mouse but I know nothing about gaming as I usually play Xbox. He likes the look of the G600 because of all the extra buttons and he’s been playing WoW so thought this would be up his street? But then I have seen a lot of people saying the 502 is really good.  Please help! He did show me the picture of the G600 of what he wants so do I just get what he wants? I just want him to have a good present.  Thanks



With max settings, on a 21:9, 3440x1440, HDR1000 QD-OLED Display...  ...you just can't get back to anything else...

I've been hearing a rumour that there's soon going to be an 'auto-logout' update on a few selected FPS games(can't name which ones) so we'll be forced to take a 15 min break every 4 hours of gaming. Heard anything like this and if you have, any thoughts on it?
Celeste helped me immensely with my mental health and sense of self-worth. It helped me to accept who I am and to start making progress on my depression, as well as inspiring me to try to use my skills to help others. I sent the makers an email a while back to thank them, but it was clear I hadn't communicated just how meaningful their game was to me effectively. I know that how meaningful it was to me is relatively common, especially among those of us in the LGBT+ community, so I decided to enlist the help of the internet to build a collection of thank you notes I will send them. I am going around to a bunch of places online and asking this: Does anyone have anything they want to say to the makers of Celeste? I will not include any usernames or other info about you you don't specifically ask me to share, and if you have a message you want to be included, but don't wan to share it publicly, you can DM me. I will respect your anonymity, and I will not judge the contents (I've been in a pretty bad place, too, I know better than to judge people for being in one). That game changed my life, and it's important to me the people involved understand just how great they are.
I just updated my game today so I can play it for the 10th time but with better graphics and RT. The problem: i got weird rainbow reflections on the water on high settings and when i turn on the normal RT preset (not RT+) the game simply crashes. Playing on a RX6700XT and a Ryzen 7 5800x.  Does anyone has an idea what's going on?
Hi, I'm upgrading my old pc to a core i5 12400f and 3060ti. I would like keep my old xfx ts 550 bronze to power it and I know 550 are enough for the rig but in pcpart in doesn't show up as compatible. Only the gold version of the same 550W PS is listed. Will it be ok to run the pc on this old power supply? I believe it's 6 years old  Thanks in advance

Not the best timezone to post but thought I’d give it a shot
What games have you guys played that have made you pick up the guitar again?   Last of us 2. Take on me.

 have someone signed up to boosteroid's fortnite competition? what do u think?

I'm doing some research about online FPS games.    \- What are the popular games, where you have to wait for the round to finish if you're killed?   \- What do you do to pass the time when you wait for the next round to begin?
There are many great videogame tracks, but what is your favorite one? Do you maybe have a specific fave track?
Hey! I was hoping you guys could help with this question, in the past I would usually stick with one console but I’m fortunate enough to have both this gen, thing is at the moment my gaming library is starting to get a little scattered and I was thinking of perhaps consolidating this and buying multi platform games for just one of the consoles, then using the other for it’s exclusives.    My question is, has either the PS5 or Series X shown so far that they are better in terms of performance and/or graphical fidelity? Does one or the other tend to hit higher resolution, frame rate, graphical details etc? Or is it a complete mix and match, negligible differences? Is there anything else like ecosystem or haptic feedback (I’m not sure if multiplats really use haptics well though) that is important to you? Perhaps you’ve had the same question and made a decision yourself?  Thanks!

The title speaks for itself, I think music really makes or breaks a game. I’ve played all sorts of games from god of war, elden ring, to Furi. Looking for anything with a great soundtrack that I can immerse myself into


   Like why? support tickets are automated i did not cheat i'm sure like i have not played this game for five months and yes i'm certain of that last time i played was with my friends and that was like mid july i think?  Some of you may wonder if my friends cheated again no i don't know why am i banned. like what could i have done to be PERMAMENTLY banned lol. i don't know exactly if i got a temp ban before because they can't outright ban perm ban you right? i have been playing since 2015 really can't seem to remember if i got a temp ban.  here are the screenshots of responses from the support:  [https://ibb.co/6cMVmLZ](https://ibb.co/6cMVmLZ)  [https://ibb.co/wd3CDn1](https://ibb.co/wd3CDn1)  how am i supposed to deal with this exactly
GO!
   Hi All,  So i tried DLSS but in this game it looks bad... Sky, clouds, foliage, shadows.. Like something is wrong and it is not look as good as CP77 with DLSS. So what settings have minimum impact in visual and can help me to achieve 60 fps in camp/city and other places? I like to use x2 of smaa minimum as i'm quite allergic to aliasing... Thx.  I'm on 3440x1440p with 9700k and mentioned rtx 3080 if that helps.
For me:   **Battlefield 3**: Damavand Peak (woo, base jump!)  **Unreal Tournament**: Facing Worlds  **Half Life** DM: DM\_Bounce (not sure why I was so obsessed with that, think it was the pink bouncy things)  And a retro bonus one: **Vietcong**: Halong Port


I'm looking for a game with a big skilltree similar to hero tale or the mini-game thing in nightmare reaper it has to be a mobile game I can't play on any other thing right now I don't know why I want this specifically but if you have any suggestions that would be nice
I somehow managed this while still working 48-52 hours a week 😅😅
I know blueshacks is quiet popular, but are there good ways to play the games from my phone on my second screen on the pc?   There must be some kind of "same w-lan connection"? I know that works to use the screen as a TV but not to actually click the apps from pc via mouse
Just why?  And then I complain why I suck at fps games  My aim sucks and nobody's telling me how to improve it  My reaction time sucks and nobody's telling me how to improve it  The only fps games I do well on are call of duty campaigns, and CSGO with bots  When it comes playing against other players, I just suck, as immature as it sounds

Has anyone used this for N64 emulation? Has anyone done a N64 analog benchmark test on this? I’m super curious. It has the same basic layout as the Brawler64 and Tribute 64 except the dpad/analog position is swapped.




Sniping's a good job mate


Personally, I really think that the Archeans from Rainbow Six Extraction are honestly terrifying as a concept. For those who don’t know, they’re an extremely ancient alien parasitic bacteria, literally as old as the universe itself. It can coalesce itself into its own personal army, has the capability to adapt to any foe extremely quick. For instance, one of the enemies, the Proteans, are literally just copies of Rainbow operators, even having guns that the bacteria made itself. It also has the ability to make a nearly indestructible material. It is also trans dimensional.

I will start with Half-Life.
Just wondering.
I've been broke all of 2022 and I've finally gotten back to a position where I have the cash to buy video games again but since I've been broke so long I kinda stopped paying attention to new releases so the first game I'm getting is River City Girls 2 but I have no idea what to get after that.

What game's got your attention this week? What's great about it? What sucks? Tell us all about it!   &#x200B;   This thread is posted weekly on Wednesdays (adjustments made as needed).


I really want to enjoy single player story games, but I always end up not getting invested in them enoufh and end up not finishing them. I play a ton of multiplayer shooters, and have finished Firewatch, Jedi Fallen Order, and Stellaris (all of which I enjoyed a lot) for reference.  I have a decent bit of free time over my winter break, so looking for recommendations!  edit: forgot to add i am on xbox
I was always wondering what game to put on my phone between thiese two. Diablo Immortal or Torchlight infinite. I am also not planning to spend a single penny on each one of them. What are your suggestions? :))
A friend of mine asked me for help finding an old game, but since I haven't played it, it's almost impossible for me to find out... Here's the info I have:  \- it's old, late 90's early 2000's, loosely between 1996 and 2004 but very low confidence;  \- should have first Stacraft looks, isometric view, almost top-down, not-quite-3D, 2D but with some depth perception;  \- it's an action game with RPG elements, it most definitely is not turn-based, and based on what he said, it's should NOT be modern-times, like Jagged Alliance;  \- it's segmented, you start at a certain "map" or instance, go down through it and when you complete it you go to town, but the town is only menus, he was very emphatic in this part, everything plays out in these instances, character is only visible there, stuff only happens there and then you go to town but town is only menus, so, start instance, complete it, town to rest, gear, etc., start new instance, rinse, repeat;  \- in the town menus there should be shopkeeper or blacksmith, and you should be able to reset its inventory by closing and opening again, he said it was a kind of exploit to buy good shit;  \- it should have more instalments, he says it should be the third one, so "whatevs-game 3" or something like this, but "should", not "is";  I sifted through GoG release date 1989 through 2005 but no luck... I know it's very little to go on, and for that I am sorry. Anyway, thanks in advance for any help at all.  Edit: we finally got it, it was Rage of Mages II. Thanks for all the help. 

Mines Playing FF7 late night while hiding from my parents.

My biggest problem is that the update replaces the original version.  I used the beta version to roll-back the update because I encountered several issues after installing the update and didn't like the new visuals all that much.  The update is great for selected screenshots, but I like the overall look of the old version better.  This may change in the future after a few patches, but there is a performance penalty, and I'm guessing that will remain the same.  Right now I feel uncomfortable to recommend the game to new players because I don't know if the beta option will remain.  I first tested the update on slightly older hardware, capable of playing the original on ultra quality, and had to settle for lower quality setting and still the game would occasionally stutter.  With Skyrim SE, the solution was great. It's a separate install.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkTide/comments/zli8wc/why\_is\_darktide\_unplayable\_and\_people\_arent/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkTide/comments/zli8wc/why_is_darktide_unplayable_and_people_arent/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

If you’re proud of your game then release a demo. I think Forspoken looks plays and sounds like dog shit but I would give the dude a hug and a thank you for having the balls to release a demo. Some people maybe will love it but I’m glad I got to get a feel.   There are so many games I want to check out but price tags are high and return process sucks for digital and is at most a minor trip to return a disc.   At worst you may gain a sale. Im already not going to buy it if I dont get a chance to check it.
I have 99 games just on steam and more on other launchers (not an exaggeration) But believe it or not, I've never finished a single one of them. Other than some games on my Xbox 360 several years ago + Minecraft, I can never finish them. I end up replaying games multiple times but never finishing them. Does anyone know why or have any tips or something?
Hi all, my boyfriend and I play games(or else I wouldn't be here). We both have dedicated steam accounts and he has playstation as well. Issue is, our genre preferences are fairly different. BF LOVES RTS and City-builder esque games (Command and Conquer is a childhood classic for him, and Anno. Hearts of Iron, Stellaris, Evil Genius, Civ games all also fall under some commonly played games from him). Thus, I don't know much in terms of some of the niche differences when it comes to RTS and City builder games. (I myself sit under RPG, story rich, survival, and/or puzzle genres like Crosscode, Ark, Beasts of Bermuda)  Recently he's been on an itch for a new city builder game. Ever have that feeling where you want to play a very specific game, to the point where you can almost see it, but its just so niche that you're almost certain it doesn't exist? Yeah, that's been happening.   He's looking for a dark fantasy city builder. He started explaining via comparing the desired vibes to Empires of the Undergrowth and Evil Genius. He wants a Summoning style game where the people are your minions/summoned creatures. He also said "If Cult of the Lamb was a fully RTS and city-building game, youd be scarily close." I want to help him with this. For incentive, if I find a game he likes thats "close enough" to scratch the itch, I'll give gold. If by some incredible miracle on Earth you get it spot on for him, I'll give platinum. Cheers!  Provided games: Gord, Against the Storm, Songs of Styx.  TLDR Looking for a city builder game where you're a summoner in a dark fantasy setting.  All games of "This may be close" are also appreciated. I'll edit this as I see game names and provide responses from him.







¿Alguien me ayuda a buscar un teclado que sirva para Custom?, realmente no utilizo el teclado, pero me gustaría tener un teclado bonito. No tengo idea de Custom para teclados, así que le agradecería mucho su ayuda.

Here are some of the games coming out in 2023:    Dead Space Remake   Resident Evil 4 Remake   System Shock Remake   Alone In The Dark   Remnant II  Lord's Of The Fallen II  S.T.A.L.K.E.R. II  Warhammer 40K: Space Marine II  Jedi Fallen: Survivor  Daymare 1994: S.A.N.D.C.A.S.T.L.E   Quantum Error   Forspoken   Hogwarts Legacy   Wanted D.E.A.D.  SpongeBob Squarepants: The Cosmic Shake   Redfall   Starfield   Fallout 4 Next Gen Update   The Outer Worlds: GOTY Edition(PS5/Xbox)  Diablo 4  Deliever Us From Mars   Marvels Spiderman II  Atomic Heart  Sons Of The Forest   Darkest Dungeon II  Hades II  Sherlock Holmes: The Awakened   Aliens: Dark Descent   Layers Of Fear  Silent Hill II Remake   Skull&Bones   Splinter Cell Remake   The Legend Of Zelda: Tears Of The Kingdom   Crime Boss: Rockay City  Dead Island II  Mega Man Battle Network: Legacy Collection   Suicide Squad: Kill The Justice League   Black Myth: Wu-Kong  Outcast II   Street Fighter 6  Robocop: Rogue City   Final Fantasy: XVI  Baldeurs Gate III  Alan Wake II  Max Payne 1&2 Remakes(Remedy)  Ark II  Assassins Creed: Mirage   Avatar: Frontiers Of Pandora   Blasphemous II  Exoprimal   Killer Klowns From Outer Space   The Texas Chainsaw Massacre  Flashback II  Greedfall II  Front Mission II Remake   Homeworld III  Kerbal Space Program II  Like A Dragon: The Man Who Erased His Name   Lollipop Chainsaw Remake   Metal Slug Tactics  Mortal Kombat Onslaught(Mobile)  My Time At Sandrock   Payday III  Fear Effect Reignition   Pikmin 4  Pragmata  Warhammer 40K: Boltgun   The Wolf Among US II  Telltales The Expanse   Dune: Spice Wars  Disney Dreamlight Valley(Completed edition)  Crash Team Rumble   Armored Core VII: Fires Of Rubicon   Fatal Frame: Mask Of The Lunar Eclipse   Octopath Traveler II  Kirbys Return To Dreamland Deluxe  Company Of Heroes III  Post Trauma   Blood Bowl III  Tales Of Symphonia Remastered  Risen   Gothic Remake   Battlefield Mobile   Blue Protocol   Aftermath   Replaced  Slitterhead  Hellboy: Web Of Wyrd   World Of Horror   Wild Hearts   Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth   Everywhere   Atlas Fallen   Judas   Banishers: Ghosts Of New Eden   Transformers: Reactivate   Tekken 8  Bayonetta Origins   Immortals Of Aveum   Blue Protocol   After Us   Valiant Hearts: Coming Home   Dune: Awakening   Viewfinder   Ghostbusters: Rise Of The Ghost Lord VR  Nightingale   The Callisto Protocol(New Game Plus&story DLC)  The Outer Worlds II  The Last Of Us: Factions MMO   Scars Above  Dragon Age: Dreadwolf
Recently I've been trying to game on low spec PC hardware just for the fun of it. I won't pretend it's the best experience but it can be really fun to see how playable you can make a demanding game on weak hardware. Been doing testing on a Ryzen 3 3250 mobile chip. TLDR you can play games on anything if you manage your expectations
In around 2010 I played this game on my iPhone, it was called Pocket Chef and it was the best game ever. It has since been removed from the App Store, but I was wondering if there was anyway to play this game again?? I've been looking for years. If I can only play it on pc, that would be fine too i just want to find any way to play this game again!!!
What game have you played that you find really good but other found to be "meh"?

What is the etiquette with regard to mobile games when out on a date?  I have been dating someone and from time to time he would whip out his mobile phone to open his game and "harvest". (It is a 24 hour farm game where it would be a waste if the harvest expires, accdg to him).  I am honestly very bothered when he does this. I communicated it and he has cut it down to a few minutes at a time.  Am I too harsh? I honestly would prefer him not to open his game app at all when we are out to have quality time.
This is probably a really strange question but I'm wondering if anyone has come across a kind of life simulator game. I want to play a game similar to persona but without the action. Just a regular kid who is finishing school, gets a part time job to make money, that sort of thing. Maybe even a young adult going to work each day with their weekends free.  I've been playing a lot of stardew valley recently which kinda sparked the idea.  The closest thing I can think of is the sims. Anyone know of anything similar to what I'm thinking of?
 My nintendo switch turned off randomly while i was playing and now it wont turn back on no matter what I do. I have tried all of the different button combinations and other tactics and I dont have the money to send it somewhere for them to see whats wrong or fix it. What should I do?
The last two years have been rough for gaming. It’s been marred with delays and unfinished products. But I just wanted to make this post bc these two games are incredible. And wanted to sort of thank the devs for these two games.   Elden ring has ruined open world games for me. The level of exploration and discoverability is next level. And never have I ever been engaged by a game for that long. Combat has so much depth. Difficult but fair combat. The culmination of all their soulsborne games.   And God of War. The world. The characters and story. The fun and visceral combat. Seeing a character grow like Kratos has in the last two games was an absolute pleasure to watch unfold. And as a young father. It touched me.   It’s crazy to think that after stumbling through 2  years of letdowns we would get two games of the generation. And quite possible some of the best of all time. So different from one another. Yet share a beauty that will hopefully push the medium forward. Bc now. The bar has been raised.
All right this goes out to call of you nostalgic gamers. Let me know if this has happened to you. You hop on Paper Mario The Thousand Year Door, and you attempt The Pit of 100 Trials. You wanted to do it in one tgo without skipping any trials. You do not research on it, but go in with plenty of healing items knowing it'll be a challenge. You get down to the bottom, but die on floor 98 due to some in-game variable that throws the challenge down the drain. That happened to me today on the fourth try down the pit. This is getting ridiculous.



 Is there suck a thing on the market? How much would you be willing to pay for such a product? either a mouse, or a a separate extension of a mouse? And additionally, a mouse that could do more than just auto click, potentially move on its own and also be able to run simple tasks, and potentially multiple tasks


do i just download the ps4 version or is there a seperate ps5 edition?
Hi Everyone,  FLAT28 just launched the Steam page for Glasshouse today, worth checking out. Looks like Disco Elysium meets This War of Mine.  [https://store.steampowered.com/app/2244700/Glasshouse/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2244700/Glasshouse/)
I’m a bit behind in the AC series. The remaining games I need to play are…  Unity Syndicate Origins Odyssey Valhalla  I plan on playing them in release order (unless someone suggests otherwise), but I do plan on playing all of them. I don’t have the DLC for any of them…should I buy any? Is there anything I should prepare myself for or consider when diving into these?   Thanks AC fans!

I mean for real how? How can you all just go and keep buying 60$ games? You must all be so rich with money lying around always to feed hungry Nintendo
Just a note, if you are on the fence about buying it, you have to create an account with Bethesda to play single player. Was pretty surprised, unfortunately I bought on playstation and I'm outside the return window. Not the end of the world but I really hate giving my email out and creating more accounts and passwords to remember.

What other mythologies would you like to see Kratos take on?
If you had to pick one game which would you go for? I know both are entirely different game but I wanted to buy one of them and confused which one to go for.
I don’t know if I’ve been here before and done that but here goes again. Recently I’ve been having trouble wanting to play games even though I waste all my money on the most expensive editions of new releases. I have also recently been trying to hype myself up enough to play and can gladly say I played Sonic Frontiers for about 30 minutes the other day.   Anyways I was just wondering since I’ve been wanting to play a Destiny 2 recently if there’s any good looter shooters like the Destiny series but without it all being complicated. I refer to Destiny because of its futuristic Halo style of environment. I also know about Warframe and though I will try it one day it’s not something that interests me right now.   So yeah if anyone has any good recommendations like Destiny and preferably 3rd person I would really appreciate it. Hope everyone has a good day!
I’ve recently been missing console gaming, and I am thinking which console I should get for Christmas. My PC specs are pretty good, and I have an Xbox One S that barely gets used. Sometimes I just want to sit on my bed and play some games without sitting at my desk. But since I have a PC, and Xbox PC Pass and exclusives are on there, I was thinking of getting a PS5. But I like Xbox exclusives, so I’m just kinda stuck on which I should get lol.

So I host a video game tournament for my friends every year around Christmas. It’s a nice, fun way to get everyone together since we live so far apart now and just catch up and hang out. This year will be the fourth year on a row that we’ve done it. It’s slowly gotten bigger and more organized with each new year as I learn more from the experiences. The tournament is set up as sort of a decathlon, where we play 10 games over several days and earn points for where we place in each game. While this year’s games are already set, I was wondering what are some suggestions you guys would have to add into the tournament if you were running it.   Here’s a list of what we’ve played in various years: Mario and Sonic at the Olympics Mario Golf Mario Tennis Super Smash Bros Trivial Pursuit  Nidhogg 2 Call of Duty Trackmania Speed Runners Boomerang Fu
I’m trying to get into old town for a bounty but my objective is to talk to the old man outside the door. The only problem is the game won’t let me, the man won’t talk to me. Has anyone else come across this? Am I missing something or is it a game glitch?



I came here to ask for help finding an old game from my childhood time, around 2017 backward, all I remember is that it a medieval kingdom building game. I only played it for a little so there only a few details about it. I recalled that you build things like markets or something, I think you can control your own king and walking around, there clowns (?), and I dont think there any fighting in it, mostly just building a kingdom? I would be glad if someone know what it is. Thanks for reading
Okay so yall should know there are 3 types of passes in xbox, which i bought the ultimate one for ONE month.   So my question is, if i downloaded minecraft and got a premium account for java, if i cancel anytime soon, the premium account in question will be canceled ¿?  that's my question, so i looked up the terms and condicions for it but im still confused. ¿Could someone clarify this to me? thank you! (im not fluent in english, very sorry if i made any mistake :c)



Out of all the recent game announcements at the Game Awards this year, what are you guys looking forward to most? For me it's probably Judas or Jedi Survivor
Like the title says, I got one for free in my buildings laundry room. It works, comes with a bunch of controllers and forza. I love racing games and I’m super excited  but I need game suggestions.   For context, I’m usually a PlayStation person. I’m 24 and I grew up with PlayStation 2 and 3, never owned Xbox before.   My favorite games are ape escape, I love psychonauts, metal gear solid, Mario odyssey,  racing games.  I like stealth games, I like platform games, exploring games that sort of thing. I don’t like Sonic, I don’t like fps or even games like assassins creed (just find most action/adventure games boring). Very interested in party games too to play with friends.   Any suggestions for games that sort of fit the types of games I like for Xbox 360?   Thank you in advance!
One of my favourite things in RPG games, is settling down after a long day’s adventuring. I love having homes in Skyrim, and returning to them after having been on an adventure. Similarly, I love staying in taverns in KCD. I want an RPG where you go on adventures, achieve things and progress, but also have somewhere safe to go and get cosy afterwards.  Any suggestions?
&#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/g0rudqrsqr5a1.jpg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=b502e1a54d51c78cba106c70cad0e92dd3d4a675




1670981314
I really want to try it, I know it’s not super original but it’s graphics look amazing and it feels like something I would like. I haven’t heard amazing things about it though, so I’d like others’ opinions first. I play on PS5 btw, incase that’s important
Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection, which contains all 10 mainline Mega Man Battle Network games, will be released on April 14, 2023.  https://www.ign.com/articles/mega-man-battle-network-legacy-collection-release-date-announced
Just wondering whether or not I should pick this game up for the PS5, particularly as the Ragnarok edition is currently on sale? I admit I’ve tinkered with both Origins and Odyssey, but neither of them really grabbed me. Loved and played the series up until that point though (yes, even Unity and Syndicate), so not sure if I’m over Assassin’s Creed or just Ubisoft’s open world “collect-a-thon” approach to games. Still, if it’s a good one I’m willing to give my beloved series another try, so… worth trying it? :)
Hi, I'm looking to find a Prop Hunt game to play with my son. I think Call of Duty has it, but just would love some direction on what to get exactly..  COD2? COD3? Something else that's better out there? It's just been a while since I've done a shooter and I've been out of the games scene for ages. Thanks!!!!

Alright I literally started today so I know saying I suck ass is unreasonable because I’m literally new but yeah.  Anyway, I need advice and answers on questions. Where I am is I think Yharnam or something and there’s all these guys with torches or something and I have to kill them apparently. I’ve died god knows how many times. So..  1. Is there any better way to use Molotovs? I’m on the PS5 and do I actually have to quickly go into my inventory and click on the Molotov and then click use to use it? I thought this was a fast game arent I gonna be dead by the time I use it? (Edit: this was answered)  2. Is there any good way to use my gun? It doesn’t do much damage so I’ve just been using my axe but it’s not the most effective when I’m being swarmed. (Edit: this was also answered)  3. Speaking of being swarmed, what do I do when this happens? I’ll kill one monster and suddenly tons of them are around me and I get jumped (edit: this one too lol)  4. There’s still other things in the game that I don’t understand the purpose for so if there’s things I should know about please tell me what they are and how to get them/use them







It kind of just dawned on me how much of a risk it was, especially with EA publishing it, and even though Respawn stuck the landing that was far from a guarantee especially with Star Wars fans. Have any other franchises done this?
So I tried Elden ring but it failed for me . Ac Odyssey was and is by far the best game I ever played.  I tried Ac Valhalla but I found it so boring .  About to start The Witcher 3 next gen when is available .   Any other suggestions on such style rpg ?   It matters a lot for me the skill system . Like I said I liked the skill system in Ac Odyssey but I didn’t like it at all in Ac Valhalla . I also don’t want to face death every 1 minute like In Elden ring or watch endless guides how to progress the story .   I want to have fun , level up with nice combat and skill system and of course game not to be old .  Mates give me your suggestions . The more the better .


When I set up my PlayStation I had my dad put the family manager on it because I though it was mandatory. Now I want to change my name, but it says that feature isn’t available for children. Is there a way I can fix it?
OMG its naked  [PS5 with the top off](https://preview.redd.it/160ci8d8fr5a1.jpg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=34e264f359b7c0a924051b65c16b4493de29f529)


Was wondering what to do in this situation. Not even that paper thing that most games come with on the other side of the case was there. Usually if I preorder games, it's for the bonus stuff that comes with it. There's this paper thing in the case with all the info u need to download it. It was through gamestop, and I already emailed them and waiting for a response. Wanted to know if other people had similar issues and what had happened. The actual game disk was in the case though. Just the pre-order bonus info wasn't there



I was thinking that after seeing that trombone game with the custom songs they should make a guitar hero with custom songs or something  Edit main reason I was thinking this is because I would love to play the cyberpunk songs

should play them in order, cause I already know what happened in the first two but not Valhalla, or should I play in a different order?
I remember when I first played RP around 2-3 years ago. It’s so different, wasn’t as popular back then and the RP was actually good. It wasn’t massive back then so people who played about it cared.   Now since it’s so popular it has attracted new players and the standard of RP has decreased. So many servers now are like call of duty lobbies and not actual RP.   And that is why I think that the rise of gta rp has directed caused it’s downfall, newer players ruined the way it was.
Up until about a 8 or so years ago, I didn't care about achievements at all. Or my Steam profile as a whole, for that matter. I had a lot more time on my hands, I typically finished games at 100% or well near it pretty easily, and I moved on. I was aware of profiles but I didn't really pay them any mind, especially as someone that has zero social media.  Cut to present day and I have a much more time consuming job, far less free time, am planning on kids soon and will have even less and I'm finding that I'm spacing out my gaming sessions much more and am typically finishing games when I can, and if I like then enough, coming back to them and completing them.  This is where my love for achievements comes in. I do love the feeling of that stamp of approval and having a profile of acomplishments to look at. But aside from that, it is such a fantastic marker for progress in a game. If I took a break from a game in the past, before achievements, I'd look up a walkthrough or story digest online and would comb through the pages till I got to where I was. Looking at achievements takes seconds and is enough to jar my aging memory and unlock whatever stupid portion the games are kept it and boom - I remember what I was doing, what I was collecting, and where I was in the story.  This is paramount for open world games. Sometimes just a few days or a week are enough to make me forget all about what I was doing and where I was in the story. Moreover, those open world quests which were once monotonous and boring have just a *tad* bit more flair to them if I know I can get a stupid little stamp on my game and my profile. It's one of those things that is just enough to make me want to do a quest that, as a kid I'd happily do without an ahchievement, but as an adult I would pass right over and save my time.  Some people are overblowing the situation. But just the same, others are reacting like petulent preteens in response to someone wanting something in a game that the vast majority of games from far less popular, wealthy, or staffed companies have in their own games. Let peeps enjoy what they want. Neither side should be throwing a huge fit over it. It sucks that they're not there, but I figured I'd try to give a different perspective to people who just see them as douchey self gratification.
I don't have the money to buy a next gen console or an expensive PC, but for less than $30 a month I've been playing on my shadow PC that I rent.   I was skeptical at first, but I've been blown away honestly. If you can push anything above 30 Mb/s you will hardly even notice any latency.   I've been playing NFS Unbound and sometimes I forget that I'm even cloud gaming. You can't tell the difference truthfully.. I can play any PC game again and I know in the long run it's probably cheaper to just buy a PC but I think I'd rather just keep renting and let them do the upgrades


Back in the day, I used to enjoy gaming on a Wii with friends. What's an equivalent system today, with family-friendly games like the Wii had (bowling, skiing, DDR, etc. etc.)  I'm not a gamer, and just want family gaming with kids < 10 yo.

Anyone here play snow runner? If ya do we should totally off-road together!
Controllers are made to use both index and middle fingers at the same time on shoulder buttons and triggers, but I can't do that. Does anyone?


I miss the simplicity of FIFA Street and NFL Street. Anything like that today? I’m a busy parent and just a short game buzz is perfect.
Obviously you wouldn't put a spoiler tag for the tutorial, but what about the first area? First boss? Is the cutoff the halfway point of the game? Where's the line? I got this question from my post being removed for containing unmarked spoilers relating to pretty early in the game


Hye guys come check us out we are brand new company that does reviews/news/updates!  r8gamingnews



   I've dealt stick drifts a lot during ps4, but never to this extent, my 5 years old ps4 controller never reached this level of unusability   My ps5 controller literally never stops moving on it's own, it goes straight the left, always, sometimes it's light, sometimes I can't use it  It makes navigating menus impossible, even the ps5 home menu, I find it hard to go to the game I want, not even gonna mention games, but I'll just say that it made a game like rocket league unplayable  I tried blowing in it, shaking the controller, hitting the stick, I tried resetting the controller and giving the stick a massage lmao, but it never gets better  I got the console from overboard so warranty is not an option, so is there any solution home solution or should I just try my luck desembling the controller?  Posting this here because the other PS subs don't allow posts like this, and instead the mega thread which is basically dead

Howdy!  My kids got their mom to say yes to fornite.  I'd like to play too with them.  Whats the best option for getting started with the 3 of us?  We have laptops, ps4, and a switch.  Thanks!  \-J

I play Apex Legends and Warface on the Nintendo Switch and I don't have a pro controller, but I have the comfort grip that combines the two joy-cons. Should I be using a pro controller? After watching a video on how to not suck at fps games I learned about deadzones and different movement-sensitive movements. I feel like the joy-cons are not responding like that. Will playing with joy-cons train me the wrong way, or will I be fine?
He has CP and hasn’t much dexterity in his right hand and mom wants to get a game for him, and as a non gamer, I don’t know what games would be best.
I bought some grips for my pro controller and the grips constantly fall off the joy sticks. I need some grip for these sticks bc my finger slips all the time

With SW Jedi Survivor coming out soonish, I’m thinking about a new gaming system. I had Google Stadia and loved it for the simplicity. I’m not a super active gamer so it fit my lifestyle great. What’s a similar option that plays big titles? Wifey would kill me if I brought home a PS5 or even an Xbox S. I only have a cheap Chromebook for “PC” use.  Id prefer to play through a tv, but maybe Xbox game pass with a backbone on the phone is worth it?  Thanks.
My indecisive ass can't decide what to do, I have the money for Dark Souls 3, but I can't decide if I want to finish Elden Ring, a game I didn't really plan on getting really into again, or get the game I planned on getting for a while. So why not let people on the internet decide?
Tried to play a game on epic today called "wargame red dragon", but when I try to open it up I get a pop-up saying "connection to epic client failed". Anyone know how to fix this problem?   &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/wlvqljw5nq5a1.png?width=261&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=1c7fc2909b84676f99aa2c01b4ccaeeb25bfd47b

Me and my friend on the bus like to pull out our planner with the USA map and play a strategic war game using quarter flips, is there an equivalent to this preferably on a mobile device and 2 player so we can still play on the same device?
Which games do you think have the best competitive systems and why? Which improvements would you suggest? What is your opinion about end-of-season rewards?  I prefer games that value the highest season rank over the current one because I feel like the latter encourages you to stop playing for the season after you hit a certain rank.  Also, I believe end-of-season rewards are a must and they need to significantly improve with the rank or climbing means nothing. I like the idea of tryhard to achieve something and then flexing the limited rewards.  For example, I just stopped playing AoE4 because I don't want to get demoted. I like Valorant's system but there are no rewards so I don't even have the urge to play the game. LoL and LoR give out the same award for everyone who's at least average. I don't remember how exactly Rainbow 6 Siege and For Honor work, because I haven't played them for a while but if I remember correctly, R6 gives out just a weapon charm which is extremely underwhelming as well. In my opinion, if a game is aiming to be highly competitive, then rewards must be appropriate.
I travel a lot for work and I'm hoping to get a keyboard for my steam deck so I can play games that require it.  The one handed keyboard that only have the left hand side look great, as it would be smaller and easier to travel with.  There are a lot of options online but I'm afraid without a case the keyboard will get damaged, so I'm looking for one that has a case. But I can't find any.  Does anyone have any suggestions

So, i remember receiving this PS3 in a snowy night of December with just one demo game on it, that I can't remember the name.  All I remember was : 1) the guy installing the ps saying I should not be playing it since I was I kid  2) it was a medieval/fantasy kinda of game, as soon as you started (ofc i did not listen to him and played it anyway)you probably had to kill some kind of rats   3) I am 90% sure there was a lake in this demo  4) you had to upgrade stuff if I recall correctly  5) and also there probably was mana and you could collect things like plant    Thank you
Finished Ragnarok, currently play For Honor and the occasional Warzone 2.0. Looking for a new game to get into, been thinking Midnight Suns but not sure, any ideas?
Playing fortnite who wants to hop in (name mVpsurf4)
Looking for a bit of advise. Fairly casual gamer but do get invested in games and commit a fair amount of time where my wife allows!  I think I have settled on either God of War Ragnarok or Elden Ring but open to suggestions if the below info points your opinion in a different direction.  PS5 owner. Recently completed Horizon Forbidden West (to about 80% ashamedly) and thought jt was a great game with lot of variation. Only criticism is that I wanted broader more varied and diverse options in terms of equipment upgrading.   Favourite game every was FFVII. Completed Cyberpunk on Stadia (RIP) and thought it was incredible. Was a huge fan of Skyrim thought I felt alot of dungeons became repetitive.   Not afraid of a challenge and committing time to the grid (144 hour completion on FFVIII once as I explored every corner) but I don't want something insurmountable difficult.  I enjoy the vastness of games. I remember being blown away by GTA San Andreas when it game out.  What do you think? One of the above two or something else?
Just kinda wondering if this is even a thing or not. I know Halo is, but I haven't seen one for Star Wars. Would be a neat game I think. The campaign could be across different worlds and such, would have a lot of potential. Is there any sprt of game like that out?
Every Christmas I choose a game, wether I've finished it before or never started it, and devote a chunk of time to going through it. What do you all think I should play this year, and what will you be playing over the holidays?  One year I got hooked on Civilization VI on Switch which took me by surprise massively. Last year I finally replayed TLOU2 which probably wasn't the right choice for Christmas vibes but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  I'm taking all recommendations! PC, Switch, Series X or PS5. Fire em at me and let me know what you'll be devoting time to.









Gonna be getting a secret tattoo and looking for tips. Thinking of things like bobble-heads from fallout or the korok from BOTW. Really anything you got, send it my way :)  Thanks for the tips!


I never played this and have been getting into D&D lately.  I thought this might be fun to try out sometime but am wondering if it still holds up.  Would it be a fun game to play for a LAN party?


A little bit of context, back in June for my 30th birthday i bought a quest 2 from a shop and enjoyed it for a couple of months, however it turned out to be a re-packaged  unit with factory issues and it stopped working, both screens went completely black and I couldn't even perform a factory reset, i handed it to the shop at the beginning of October and after 2 and a half months i finally got my refund, however i bought the quest 2 before its price went up by 100usd, the reason I didn't but a switch before is because i find its games are too expensive, I've been checking the price tag of the quest. 2 everywhere and it's significantly more expensive so i don't know, I'm between buying a switch in case i have visits or an Oculus again because i do  have a game library for it.

I’ve been looking for an external hard drive for my gaming laptop and I’m not sure what to get what are good ones 1tb

I've been mostly out of gaming for the past 5 years due to having children. I'm looking for something to play on the Xbox or Switch that has a good single player campaign and possibly a good story line.   For reference some games I have played  Zelda BotW- Awesome game pretty much looking for something like this  Halo Infinite  CoD  Far Cry 6- First Far Cry and really enjoyed it.  Elden Ring- Too much overall. I enjoyed the game, but didn't have the time to really sink into it.   Borderlands 3- Good times had, not as fun as past iterations when playing with others.
Hi I come with an interesting question. Are there any people here with a similar feeling Well, I played exclusively mobile for many years. I liked the fact that having powerful enough hardware I could play interesting games sometimes ports of computer games.  I also spent part of my life in front of a console. Today I can't convince myself to play computer games for the reason that, despite the fact that I have quite good accessories, sitting at a pc simply tires me out. Apparently I can plug in a pad, but that's not the point. If I have to sit longer at a game I usually give up because I prefer to take a more comfortable position at the pad/phone. Is there anyone here who has a similar situation?

*CORRETION: ...that [IT] would...
Hey fellow Witchers! When the new gen update drops, will people be starting a new game from scratch or using NewGame+ to keep their items? I’m currently undecided myself, despite having some very nice gear (after 200+ hours of grinding). I would be interested to hear your thoughts on the matter!
Has anyone been able to get a card yet in yhe UK as I have been looking all day and found nothing other than coming soon… Have they been released yet? It’s 20:00 in the UK.
Not gonna lie, whoever voiced Jacob makes me think they're whispering the whole game, almost like Jacob was speaking in this awkward pitched voice when responding to sudden scares or getting hurt, please someone tell me they felt the same. Another thing the combat is dope I like it. the story seemed super dry, and don't get me wrong the idea of human evolution to become unharmed by LITERAL LAZER WEAPONS is really cool. BUT the rest of the story about Jacob just now remembering that he was smuggling nuclear chemicals close to the end of the story just, was wack in my opinion (I would get more into the story, but I just wanted to get the things I didn't like out the way) Every death animation almost had the same outcome of Jacob losing his entire face rather than specific part of it (seemed boring).
I have the next 6 weeks off from work and looking to dive into another game like Ghost, TIA!



i am on ps5 and im pretty bored anyone wana play one of these games with me  minecraft, terraria, rocket league, rec room, or fortnite  gamertag is :dumlord29  minecraft user is dummlord29  i am 14m and will play with anyone
I’m power level 72 I want to try get the mythic weapons before I finish canny valley



I’m considering getting a SteamDeck but I have almost no desire to play handheld. Are there any other cheaper options out there for compact pcs that would work well connected to a TV? Not looking for anything too powerful, just something that can play some average games. Thanks for any suggestions.
Is an Xbox One worth the cost today? I'm mostly a Nintendo guy and Sony after that (the Red Ring of Death turned me away from Microsoft), but I've been debating an Xbox One.  The biggest catalyst is that I can play Red Dead Redemption on it but can't my PS4 since it was delisted.  I'm not a PC gamer either, I just use my work laptop for everything.
I bought my ex boyfriend a PS5 but we broke up before christmas so I kept it:) its too late to return it as I bought it from a marketplace:( any good games to start on? I had a wii before this so any suggestions please!
Anyone know anything about this? Instagram page says its going yo be an arcade style football game, Caleb Williams of USC just dropped a digital collectable for the future game.


Can anyone recommend me something to play?  I've played almost exclusively fps games for the last 5 years and I'm getting really tired of the shady practises.  I put around 30 hrs into cyberpunk when it first came out and the same with horizon zero dawn but never finished them.  I loved sleeping dogs, bioshock and ghost of tsushima. Destiny and the division games were my life for a while but they're both going down the pan, I'm open to anything really.   I'm on pc, thanks for any replies!


So  because of the problems with Fifa 23, im looking at buying Fifa 22 from  last year. I only played Fifa 21 via gamepass so have been without a  football game for some time.  However  EA are still charging AAA prices for it however over on CDkeys its  cheaper. Im in the UK and have the options of 'PC WW' 'PC EN' and 'PC  Steam.' They all saying they will work in the Uk.. so that will be okay  right? The steam version also says out of stock and i kinda what that  version. Will they get stock again seeing as its an old game?
This game is awesome to look at!

 Hi everyone, so my sister is looking to upgrade her PC for better gaming performance. It's a budget system consisting of a Dell Optiplex standard height tower with a 4th gen i7, 14gb of ram, 390W stock power supply, and a GTX1050ti.  I was considering a 1080ti but then saw a good deal on a gtx 3060, but some people say the 3060 is too much of a bottleneck with this CPU. Is that true? She doesn't do much hard core really powerful games to where it would push a 3060 too hard, mainly dead by daylight and she wants minimum 60FPS. But I think the 1080 will be fine as well. I want someone more versed in gaming hardware to give me what would be best for this system.  The other concern is the power supply. This uses a weird proprietary power connector. Are there any 5-600w supplies which will use this same connector and have the 8 pin GPU power connector? Is an adapter available to use any standard power supply with this motherboard?  She just wants something with a little more "horsepower" so to speak to run higher fps on some games where the 1050 struggles. I think the 1080ti has 11gb of vram which is a definite step up from the 4gb of the 1050. Any advice please? Benefits/drawbacks of either a 3060 or 1080? Which should we go for? Thank you.  &#x200B;  Pics of tower: [https://ibb.co/XSBCNh2](https://ibb.co/XSBCNh2)  [https://ibb.co/kyH5Z2Q](https://ibb.co/kyH5Z2Q)
&#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/def0lnpirp5a1.png?width=1156&format=png&auto=webp&v=enabled&s=bef61366f1428fbf7dab546cf8de47f2258e5d6f


Before i begin, let me give you some context:  I work with my computer and i think it is pretty good for basically all the games i play (specs below). Currently i'm playing the GoW saga with a emulator and a DS4 that i bought. I want to continue playing but this will require me to buy a PS5. In the past i had both PS1 and 2 and never owned a Xbox. Now i play everything on my PC.  The thing is, the only reason that makes me consider the PS5 is the new GoW and Forbidden West and that kinda turns me down to buy just to play two games. Some friend pointed out that it would be cheaper to rent the console and the games and i might consider that too.  On the other hand, most of the xbox games are on PC too, so it kinda makes no sense to buy it if my PC is good enough to play.  The last option - altough i dont want it to rely on it - is to use the money on upgrading my PC even further. This is because since i work all day long with my computer, it would be nice to leave my home office area, also, my wife likes to play too and having a console will be the best case scenario.  I would rely heavily on PS Plus/Game Pass services since games in Brazil are pretty expensive (the console itself is around 1000 USD). I would go for the more premium version they can offer.  &#x200B;  PC current specs:  Ryzen 7 5800x   32Gb RAM   RTX 2060 6Gb  &#x200B;  Here is my Pro/Con list of what i've learned so far:  \---PS5  Pros:  GoW and Forbidden West   Different games that i usually cant play on PC   It's a little bit cheaper and usually came in a bundle with either Gow or F West  Cons:  GoW and F West are basically the only two games that i want to play (of the top of my head)   PS Plus is more expensive than Game Pass    Also PS Plus don't have AAA game on release  \---Xbox Serie X  Pros:  Game Pass is cheaper    AAA games on release  Cons:   Basically same games i can play on pc   A little bit more expensive   &#x200B;  My conclusion:  PS5 seems to be a better option, since it has different games and when it comes down to console + services price they kinda even out.  I want to see what you guys think about this
Most love hate relationship I've had with a shotgun in any game. Total ass but so much fun to nail that one hit kill by barrel stuffing the enemies. Fuck a Super Shotgun, all my homies love DOOM 3 Shotgun.
I played a game where you play as an alien a few years ago but I forgot the name of it. It was a 2d Pixel Art Game where you controlled a creature that kinda looks like this venom symbiot thing. The goal was to get bigger to break out of the facility where the scientists kept you. Does anyone know the name of that?

I know it's not perfect, but was a fun project and brought back some great memories from being a kid in the early 2000s.

 I want to play football manager 23 on my chromebook since I play the Xbox version which isn’t nearly as good but I’ve seen things online saying that the only way to do so is via steam link (running steam on another laptop) or through Xbox game pass (but it will be the Xbox version still)  Is it really not possible to just download steam on an HP chromebook like every other device?

As the title states i am looking for a text based rpg.  I looked up a little on google but i am not sure what to start playing.
So pretty much title, I have a functioning N64 with a bunch of games that I’m ready to part with but only for the right price. My issue? Having no clue what the right price is. Help me reddit!

**Hey everyone!**    I am looking for a game I played as a kid...   I remember it was like a japanese RPG Kinda game, The main character's name was Kenji, I remember the logo was like a Yin and Yang In different colors. I remember there were more than 1 Campaignes. The one was like Beasts fighting A faction called lynch or smtn? The character in that campaighn sounded like arnold Swarzenneegger. Please help me. I remember that Kenji was in a faction fighting bandit in a village in the begining, And then became the bandit king or smtn? Help!
Should I download the original version in preparation for the next-gen version, so that when it’s released I will only need to update it? Or will the next-gen version be it’s own, separate download?
So my younger brother(he's 11, and I'm 19) borrowed my Epic Games account to play Fortnite. When he did that, he put in his age, and now my account is locked, username changed, and I have to put in the email of my parent (I put my alternate email) send an image either of myself, my credit card, or my passport/drivers license, to prove that the owner of the alternate email accounts is older than 18. And even if I do that, it only allows me to control the account by using my other email. How can I make everything go back to normal? Basically so that Epic knows the owner of the account is 19, and not my socalled parent?

I always though I just had bad internet when I downloaded games. It would spike at 25 to 30 megabits then quickly drop to 1 or 3 something even less then that. Last night I deleted a few games from my main sdd to install mass effect and the time the downloaded speed stayed at 50 to 60 megabits. I did a few test to confirm it was the hard drive and I was right. Do anyone know ways I could fix this because my hdd has more space then my sdd
We just purchased a meta quest, and I'm looking for some games to put on it. What non-violence games would you suggest?

It was a turn based magic battle rpg, based around island/tiki themes. There were several tribes all with different elements as their powers.  I search every few years and can never find anything.   If anyone can help me you will be my new favorite internet person.  Thank you!
I was thinking yesterday about the types of games which are either not made any more or are very rarely made.  While I personally miss the heck out of old RTS games like Command & Conquer / Red Alert, I was wondering what type of games others miss that's not made any more.

~~Playing on Series X. 30ish FPS is annoying but its not MP so its livable. Hopefully they get a future patch to smooth it out a bit.~~  Edit: They patched it like half an hour ago and it runs super smooth. Much better!  It drops you right in and I like that, the writing is fun. Feels creative and I love the relative lack of cutscenes, does a ton in game.  If you haven't I suggest checking out the forums part of the menu, it reads exactly like an IRL forum and is genuinely funny.  Anyone else try it out yet?
Ray tracing, DLSS, 4K, HDR and all that is pretty great, but we keep seeing basically the same type of AAA games, just prettier and with more content. BotW is powered by a lowly Switch and provided a truly next-gen experience. Remake after remake is being put out, offering often unnecessary graphical bumps that will be made obsolete in a few years (TLoU Part 1 a serious offender).  Aside from graphics, what would you like to see in videogames that takes the medium to the next level?  &#x200B;  Edit: So after seeing your comments, I see that maybe BotW was not the best example. Still, my point stands. Most of the AAA space is focusing on graphics and not in providing gameplay innovations. That has to change fast.  Edit 2: A point I felt before posting this but forgot to add: Indie games are where it's at for innovation. If you resonate with my title, browse there! Also, it's much cheaper. Double win!
I was looking through my harddrive and found multiple games downloaded (CIV6, assassin's Creed origins, fallout 4,...) But I never downloaded them and I don't even own those games, I am the only person with access to my laptop.   How could this happen wtf? Can steam or Ubisoft download stuff without permission and why does it do this?  I just tried and played the assassin's Creed origins and it works perfectly, it even looks like I got all dlc and I got free items
Most people had cases, and theese cases have gone up 1000's% from their original value, so please check your inventory!  Please let me know in comments if you found some value!
I don't care about 4K graphics or RTX or whatever, just let me make games run like a giant 3DS. I want to be able to assign a monitor to be my inventory or map or something. There's third party plugins that allow this sometimes, but its never integrated into the game. I wish developers would focus more on this than on making a sexier water reflection.  Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.

Occasionally some games come out and are sooo good that I know that if I start playing them I would lose the sense of time resulting in delayed work plus other things. Has anyone had this fear and for which game? For me it was Outer wilds, Subnautia and hollow knight

i just saw decidueye from pokemon sun in a picture of pokken dx and though to myself:"the hell? but haven't pokken came really earlier than pokemon sun and moon" and when i looked it up, i discovered that it has been 6 years that pokemon sun & moon got released and the original pokken came just two years before it, but both ultra sun & moon and pokken dx came onto the same year(2017).  i realised that i'm getting old has fuck

The website the originals could be downloaded from bring up a 404, and there doesn't seem to be a Steam version.


Which (free/paid) games that are still barely discovered do you think has more potential than it's realized so far? Deep stories, good jumpscares, etc.
Since I've seen Doom Slayer in Fortnite, I was wondering if the Doom series would continue in the future. The problem is with how The Ancient Gods DLC ended it seems like there is no way to continue the story without any retcons or a#%pulls. But am I wrong?  * Is there a way to get a new Doom game that would make sense storywise? * What would the Slayer fight? * Would it have a multiplayer we would actually play?



I bought myself a few virtual linux webservers on sale, and I'd love to put them to use hosting servers for games. Are there any indie games that need dedicated servers? I'd also consider hosting community content for non-indie games.  I have locations in the west coast, east coast US, and europe. Being virtual they run 24/7, and they should have plenty of processing power for any reasonably-well-optimized game servers.

me and my friends are working on a game called Nostalgia Hotline. Here’s the trailer, honestly I don’t think it’s gonna be done by April, lmao. We dont know what it’s gonna be on, but I hope it’s on Steam? I don’t know, but here it is. If you wanna know more I linked the WIKI page to it too. :)
Just looking for ideas for a senior in HS. Thanks in advance!!!  Edit: Almost exclusively PC. Likes Cyberpunk, GTA, Red Dead. Has a great set of headphones, and a nice laptop.
Looking for story driven games and like 40h of playtime good references wud be gow 2018 gowr or rdr2 stuff like that

Hate may be too strong of a word, but I see a lot of people dunk on them for not “doing enough” with Minecraft. A big thing I saw going around were posts like “who does worse with their franchise: Game Freak with Pokémon, or Mojang with Minecraft?” But I really don’t think they’re comparable, Game Freak has now repeatedly charged $60 practically each year now for an undercooked and underwhelming Pokémon game, but Minecraft isn’t even $30, is a one-time purchase, and they’re still releasing free content updates, even if infrequently, for 10+ years. Even if the updates aren’t all that in everyone’s opinions, I still think it’s commendable that after all this time they haven’t upped the price, charged for new core content, or moved on to a pointless sequel just to get people to pay them more money.

Sorry if this has been asked before. I’m bored at work and thought of this question.
Hello everybody !   As you all know Christmas is coming quite soon but me and my parents need help with a gift for my brother. He a big fan of games in which you drive around ( mainly farming simulator series) and we wanted to buy him a stering wheel for his PS 4 and we did. We also wanted to give him another game which will use it. I thought of buying him Grand Turismo sport. Would he be able to play it with a stering wheel hookuped to his console ? Thank you all in advance !
It's a Tuesday, mid-school day, not ideal gaming conditions, and also close to the holidays. Within a few weeks, the queue has gone from 40 players at times like this to 400+, there is no way an audience that big and that committed came out of nowhere. I'm convinced the queue is being jacked up for holidays to make buying a member more tempting during a season of spending.

Hi,  &#x200B;  I'm in the market for a bit of a upgrade.  RN i am using an AOC G24G2U for my main display.  I want to step it up tho, to 27" and WQHD. At the same time, i really enjoy this AOC monitor, it was a great bang for the buck shot back three years ago and i actually want to get another AOC. They impressed me.  &#x200B;  Do you guys have any recommendations for me?  Shouldnt break my 400€ budget.

Leaves behind 70GB after uninstall. To help with reinstall clearly, but damn son.

Hey people.  I am currently playing gen 3 on my GBA, not a emulator.  Is there a way if I connect the GBA via usb to a computer to get all pokemons?


Hello fellow redditors. I have a question that appels to your common sense. Who in your opinion is more likely to spend money in a free online game (MMORPG). A person who plays every day for a short time period (20 minutes) or a person who plays approx once a week for 5 hours.  I would think that a person who plays once a week for 5 hours is more likely to spend money, as they have more "responsebilities" in the game such as raiding, playing with a guild, etcetera.
I would like to play some MechWarrior and XWing with it.
Hey all!   Title is my question.   Additional reasoning for  - I’ve been trying to reduce my clutter and own only the things I use, and get rid of the things that collect dust.   - I like consoles but neither of them can push my oled c1 particularly well.   - I am also a software engineer by day and a unity dev as a hobby do a powerful pc with a graphics card will be better than the company MacBook I work on.   - Every Xbox exclusive is coming to PC  - More Sony games are coming to PC but I already beat the ones I care about including god of war. The only one I’m concerned about is Spider-Man 2 but I can wait a year for one game . FF 16 will be on pc 6 months after ps5 release.  - I’m a techno-tinkerer/creative and I can explore my ideas fully on pc   Reasoning against  - PC has no suspend mode that I’m aware of   - not so quick to pick up and play with pc   -  Bad pc ports   - I’m a couch gamer, so I might get thrown in with M+KB players when I use my controller    Is there anything that I’m missing ?
Im looking for more good games in the FPS genre where you can play stealthy and sniper like. Multiplayer centric and singleplayer are both fine. Some of the ones that come to my head that aren't sniper centric but do allow for fun rat plays is Escape From Tarkov, but unfortunately its impossible to play it in my region nowadays due to ping. Easy Red 2 features a sniper class that is fun, STALKER obviously, Overwatch has widowmaker and its fun to play as her... Yknow, FPS games that aren't sniper centric but you can play them as a rat and have fun? Looking for suggestions.  &#x200B;  Edit: Just recalled, Sandbox-ey games, games that have a lot of replayability or a multiplayer like the above mentioned games are more prefered.
   So basically, I only ever liked playing competitive multiplayer games, with maybe sometimes a touch of solo content included multiplayer games. But never just SINGLE player. I hate casual games, not my style. So for example, Rocket League, Siege, Valorant, Apex, League of Legends, Mordhau, New World, ESO, Rust, Tarkov ex ex. I could go on, I swear I've played just about EVERY single competitive multiplayer game that's worth playing and drained my enjoyment for them.  I have accrued around 14,000 hours roughly on steam gaming ALONE. It sounds depressing, but I enjoyed it, would literally never go back. Now this is accrued over 10 years I'd say. I still have a wife I do things with outside of games and a life to enjoy, but whenever I have free time I want it spent on games. But man it just seems impossible to enjoy anything now. I started picking up not so popular games that have a little bit of a competitive base like Mortal Online 2, and Albion and already bored with those. I'm waiting patiently for games like Ashes of Creation to come out and ex.  So I guess I'm asking you guys, recommendations, or tips on how to RE-enjoy old games that are still popular, like Rocket League for example. I'm very good at it, but can't enjoy it. Is there any hidden gems out there? (And don't get offended if you give me a recommendation and I've said I already played it, there is a 99% chance if it's multiplayer based, I've played it. I play games with a lot of buddies, and is why I typically don't do single player, its too boring for me.  Please I need some advice, I don't have enough time in the day to waste on other things. I literally have a passive income from the military as well as my wife, and go swimming in the morning along with the gym, then maybe grocery shopping some days, then have 10 hours of nothing to do. So I fill that time with games.
1. Driver Tutorial - Driver     2. Anor Londo Archers - Dark Souls     3. Magical Nitro Run - Castlevania 64    4. The Pillars of Hades - God of War (2005)    5. The Entire Game - Super Mario Bros.: Lost Levels
Just kinda realised over the last month or so that I loved the futuristic Call of Duty games and had a ton of fun with Titanfall 2, unfortunately those games are dead now so anything like these that are alive?
Me and my family of 6 host a regular game night most weeks and we are trying to find a game to that can fit all of us on one team. 1. It needs to have 6 players at a max for one team. 2. It needs to be able to run on low spec computers. 3. Would prefer single control of a unit like moba or fps rather than the control of multiple like an rts 4. Would prefer the game to be easy to learn but with a high skill cap. Previous game we've enjoyed was warcraft III, StarCraft 2, league of legends, heroes of the storm, overwatch 1, terraria, Starbound, lovers in a dangerous space time, don't starve together, and Minecraft. We prefer a less survival based game and more of hot instant action, but all suggestions are welcome.
I've been playing a lot of Vampire Survivors this year, and have tried several other games that have similar 'auto-fire' mechanics - where the shooting is automatic, and you just handle movement.  I've been wondering what the sub-genre is called, since Vampire Survivors definitely seems to have sparked a trend in them. Any ideas?  Auto-shooters? Dodge-em-ups? Solo-stick-shooters?
This was peak gaming for me that time

This game is as good as I hoped. Tight controls and fair gameplay



Games get better every single year with each new big release of something seeming better than the previous, except in one area where it seems to have a backwards momentum.   For as many amazing story games or single player experiences that get released, the choice, for me wanting to get involved with my friends, seems to be stuck mainly in the cycle it's been in for years.   We've done Warzone, Insurgency, Rainbow 6 Siege, Hell Let Loose, PUBG -  all the shooters. We did the Division when it launched, and tried a bit of Division 2. We've tried Destiny 2, For Honor, basically anything with either a 'meta-game' or that is mega popular. None of them stick and they all are kinda the same. All boil down mostly to 'win/lose'.   Where are the games where you learn? Where you discover? Stories told together? I get that there are MMOs on PC but we're all console players. Just wondered if there was something we were missing? I did It Takes Two with a friend and it was the perfect blend of co-op gameplay and story-telling. Where is that as a AAA experience for 2-4 players?  Maybe I'm blind, maybe it's a huge gap in the market. Welcome all suggestions!


…you build the best possible remote gaming setup. Ayn Odin Pro, NReal Air AR glasses and PSPlay. A virtual 130” PS5 on the go.
Nobody wants to go through five screens of battle pass/progression/achievements/progression to start the next match. Stop it. Get some help.


What is your favourite Lego game of all time? Mine is probably a tie between Marvel Super Heroes and  Star Wars: The Complete Saga as I played the last one as a kid on DS and Wii for a very long time. When I get the chance to play The Skywalker Saga that will probably become my favourite
I have a problem, I bought the physical version of Shadow of war deluxe edition for ps4 and it is the USA version, which gave me a redeem code for the dlcs, the problem is that i cant access the dlcs because of my region store, i can only do another account and use it there. There are any chances that i can contact the developers and explain the situation to them , and giving me a code for my region and cancel this one? Thanks

Hi guys - just a tiny rant and some self-doubt.  I've been gaming my whole life. That said, regardless of what game I touch or play, I suck at them all.  Here are the recent games I've played:   Lost Ark - Horrible at understanding any sort of mechanics to the point people flame me  Elden Ring - I need to rely on a summon just to even attempt to beat a boss  Overwatch 2 - Losing at least 95% of my matches     I can name a bunch more, but those are just the few that I just have so much self-doubt in when it comes to gaming. Is there any way for me to get better at anything? I'm always doing my best trying to improve, but there is only so much I can do until my brain just shuts off and I have a hard time doing anything in these games. Heck, I struggle even designing in Disney Dreamlight Valley.     I love playing all these games, but I just feel like a letdown to myself and others in team-based environments.    Sorry for the small rant - I just had to let it out. Even my friends are slowly turning away from me for being horrible at all these games that I play, and I'm just feeling so much uncertainty.


I've played it before but forgot the title. It's a pixel game with an interesting story it was about a boy and a girl they were being experimented by a doctor in their community hospital. The boy lost his memories but somehow regained them by talking to his "friends" but will forget everything again the next day.
I been thinking about playing a new game this week.  What game have you guys been playing?
Hi, Just need some information as I have potentially screwed myself over here.  So I bought my PS5 in Australia and my PSN is Australian. I moved to the UK last year and bought Horizon Forbidden West in the UK. Obviously games aren't region locked so it worked fine. But I just saw at the game awards some DLC for that game.  Will I be able to buy the DLC if my PSN is Australian but my copy of HFW is UK? I believe the UK and Australia are in the same region (referring to the sides of the game discs boxes) but do you think this will still prevent me from purchasing it? I have a sneaking suspicion it will
The answer is no. No, I do NOT want to re-watch the same unskipable intro sequence for a hard passage or bossfight over and over and over and over again after reloading that checkpoint.  We have games for more than 40 years by now, when will there be reasonable checkpoints?   Thank you :)







I know I should probably use a throwback account Coz I have a high chances of getting ban from this sub also my friends follow this account, but nvm hi Nikhil  OK this would be a bit embarrassing but I am all out today. I want many of you to not be sad on not WINNING but be happy on getting NOMINATED from thousands and millions. As I am 17 yr old who lives in India, my institute will be having a annual festival in which there is a category for 'Student of the year'. I have always been good at academics and a bit of sports (Ik I exaggerated that sorry ;~;). Later this day, this guy named let's say X, came towards me and told that he is the student of the year. X has always been my best friend since I have entered this institute. At first, I was shocked as I had a VERY HIGH HOPES that yk I am capable of winning it. But nope! This just disheartened me. It felt like a big knife was thrown on my chest. Then I came home, and as a boy who is sensitive asf, I couldn't resist. I go to my mom and started crying on her lap. I was crushed, I had lost my every single hope. I couldn't have believe what just happened. Just crying like hell. But my mother said one thing and it was "Getting nominated from thousands is far better than winning for me". This sentence was soooo bold that I reminded myself the 2022 game awards show. We all know Elden Ring won the Game of the year, but you know what is better? It was those underrated games like stray, plague tale and most importantly Xenoblade getting the nomination. At that point of time I realise, that atleast I got nominated from a whole freakin institute!! Like I should be proud of myself that yes, some of the teacher know my worth. I felt seriously good at that time.   So guys, it is not about winning or losing! Life is big. It would be Sharp and blunt, it would be dirty but underneath there would be a lotus :). At the end, I just want to thanks this gaming community, the game awards show, for supporting me through this minute time or else I would have been in depression :> Sorry for my bad English  Thank you for your time :D







What are the games that comes to mind when you think of weird universes? Games like Atomic Heart with its insane retrofuturistic USSR, any of the BioShocks with their crazy aesthetics, or We Happy Few with its terrifyingly weird version of London.
Hello guys my lovely Mouse are getting clunky and i need new one. Sadly its not avaible in my country. Any good ergo mouses ? Dont care about sensitivity have my mionix on second lowest settings anyway.  https://www.amazon.eg/-/en/Mionix-Naos-7000-Mouse-DVD/dp/B00HGKQ6VY  I never met enything remotely close to mionix its so comfy to hold. Ty for advices.
Haven’t gamed consistently for a long time but I just got a a PS5 and looking for what to play next.   I started God of War: Ragnarok and Mortal Kombat 11 which are fun but not my usual cup of tea. I love open world games with lots of exploring in addition to story and action. I was also a big fan of the original Star Wars Battlefront so thinking of getting Battlefront II.   Is Ghosts of Tshutshima good? How open world is it? Is Call of Duty or Battlefront II better to get reintroduced to shooters? What’s the difference between GTA V and GTA Online in the PlayStation store?

Every year I make and remake this post trying to find what I can hold up and say is the perfect fighting game. Granted, no game can have it all, but... well, let's run the list again.  I'd like to find somewhere a game that has:  * A good selection of characters/stages * Decent soft-body physics that still make your attacks feel like they have weight * A robust system for displaying body damage * Enough active or passive gore/blood effects to make the fight feel consequential. * An arcadey and easy-to-control feel * Stylish special moves.  So here's a few games that I enjoyed and how they match up:  **Hellish Quart:** Decent on most points, but the blood and gore are lacking in believability (Point 4) and there are no special moves. (Point 6)  **Mortal Kombat**: Gets decently close, but all the physics are hard-body, meaning your attacks are rarely responded to in a realistic way. (Point 2)  **Overgrowth:** Not really a fighting game per-se, but it excels on blood and gore that feel realistic. That said, it fails most every other point.  **Dead or Alive:** This game is kind of edging me, but they just don't go all the way with points 3 and 4. They have some body damage effects especially for clothing, but for some reason drew the line at blood and gore.  **Tekken/Soul Calibur:** The latest iterations have done well on points 5 and 6, but blood has never been something either of these games are known for and again, most physics are strictly hard-body.  &#x200B;  One great way to explain it is this: I want a fighting game with all the perceived realism of BeamNG Drive that both feels impactful and feels realistic. Until then, I'm trying basically every fighting game that crosses my Steam Dashboard. Do you know of any I should try?
Been thinking about playing the KH games. Can I just start with the most recent or will it make more sense starting from the first?


I got this game on the Steam special last week. I played it a bit. Good game, quite fun. I don't know if it's the visuals or the gameplay itself, but now instead of sleeping I just turn constantly in bed while the air dash animation plays on loop before my eyes. I didn't even play the game that much, so this feels distinct from the usual looping experience after playing a game for a full day and night. Is it just me? Did Celeste fuck up your sleep as well?
I love Rick and Morty and although the gunplay isnt reinventing the wheel the dialogue is fucking funny. Im playing through the first couple of hours giggling like a little kid.   Well worth checking it out if u just feel like a chill funny ass time. Fuck Yeah!
I in for a lighter mouse for shooter games got anything all the input you can give is helpful
All right so I just finished Policenauts, I'm starting Snatcher, what's next?

For me it is Starcraft. I can play LoL, Dota, CoD, and be fine, but a few cheeses on Starcraft and I become a flamethrower lol. Haven't touched it in ages because I greatly dislike being toxic. I am curious if anyone else has that game for them.


I use IMDb to discover all the details, curiosities, cast, etc. about movies. Is there anything similar about videogames? what is the biggest?

My new school requires a mac, and my parents will only let me get 1 computer. I want to have windows on it, but I also want a decent amount of RAM. The MacBook Pro can run windows, but it only has 8 gb ram. The MacBook Air can't run windows (it has an m1 chip) but it has 16 gb ram. The games I run aren't very intensive, but I want to be able to run UE4. Which should I get?


So I have been playing games since \~1994. Once I got to a certain age though, I basically only played competitive multiplayer games, and thats it. I missed a lot of the big title games, along with the cult classics, indie gems, etc. Considering im very tired of the state of competitive multiplayer games, I decided in 2021 that I wanted to go back and try to get through as many games as I could that ive missed out on over the years. Almost all of these were first time playthroughs/clears.  Here is the list of games I cleared in 2022:  Final Fantasy Tactics: WotL - 1/12/2022  Bioshock - 1/29/2022  NieR: Replicant - 2/4/2022  Vagrant Story - 2/15/2022  NieR: Automata - 2/17/2022  Dishonored - 2/26/2023  The Last Of Us - 3/4/2022  American McGee's Alice - 3/10/2022  Bioshock 2 - 3/21/2022  Bioshock Infinite - 3/28/2022  The Last Of Us 2 - 4/20/2022  Dishonored 2 - 5/20/2022  Horizon Zero Dawn - 5/24/2022  Crisis Core - 5/28/2022  Devil May Cry 5 - 6/10/2022  God Of War 2018 - 7/3/2022  Valkyrie Profile - 7/14/2022  Chrono Trigger - 7/24/2022  Valkyrie Profile 2: Silmeria - 8/20/2022  Gun - 9/7/2022  Beyond Good And Evil - 9/17/2022  Journey - 9/17/2022  Mirrors Edge - 9/21/2022  Batman: Arkham Asylum - 9/24/2022  Rise Of The Tomb Raider - 9/27/2022  Ico - 9/29/2022  Parasite Eve - 10/2/2022  Alice: Madness Returns - 10/7/2022  Dante's Inferno - 10/12/2022  Castlevania: Lament Of Innocence - 10/14  The Wolf Among Us - 10/19/2022  Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice - 10/23/2022  Batman: Arkham City - 10/27/2022  Xenogears - 11/5/2022  Chrono Cross - 11/19/2022  Metal Gear Solid - 11/28/202  The Last Story - 12/12/2022  &#x200B;  I finished roughly this same number of games last year as well, and my backlog is still quite large, however I feel like im making good progress. If anyone has any questions about any of the games on this list from the perspective of a first time player/etc, feel free to ask and Ill give me opinion/answer the best I can. I will also list the games I beat in 2021 in the comments.  I wish all of you out there the best of luck with your own backlogs. You can make meaningful progress!  &#x200B;  Edit: There ARE other games Ive played in 2020 and over the years that I was able to get around to when they came out (Symphony Of The Night, OG FF7, OG FF6, Tales Of Symphonia, OG Resident Evil 1,3, CV, and 4, etc). I just missed the large majority of noteable games since 2000.   &#x200B;
So I homebrewed my 3ds and I could download games on erista.me but does someone know how to download ds games on a 3ds I cant Find them
What game are you playing this days?
I’ve been seeing people posting about it, and absolutely love how its popping up again. It’s one of my all time favorite games, so I was wondering if anyone else who’s played it remembers it. First time I played it was in 2011 when it came out, I think I was in middle school at the time. It’s the game that got me to appreciate well-made and engaging games. I fell in love with it, how they turned the classic story into such a monstrosity. The storyline is a bit disturbing and sad, but very engaging, leaves you wondering what’s going on with both Alice and Wonderland itself. The designs of the weapons and each dress for different chapters are so cool, and the fighting in the game isn’t too difficult, pretty easy to catch on to. All the different monsters you fight will have different techniques and look awesome, albeit a bit creepy. Each chapter is in a new setting and extremely detailed, overall it’s just a really pretty game. I’m currently replaying it again and forgot a lot of stuff in the game, but I was pleasantly reminded as I progress. If you haven’t played this game, it’s really worth checking out, you won’t be disappointed. Recommend this game to anyone, 100% a 10 out of 10.
I recently started playing abes oddysee on pc the controller works on it, but I think the game would function better without analog stick for directional control, I am failing a lot more than I would mainly because the analog stick is so sensitive that it has to be perfectly left or right when rolling otherwise abe stands up, resulting in certain death.  And there doesn’t appear to be any way to rebind the controls in game..

   hey. I was playing Deep Rock Galactic and was talking to my friend in America. he said he was interested in it after watching it but didn't have the money to get it for reasons. I was hoping to get him a Christmas gift early so we can play together. the issue is that I am in Canada. I saw a few posts about steam keys and other ways, though I don't know what to do. Steam wont let me gift it to him directly, so im trying to find a workaround. anyone have any suggestions?   
When you get to the jetpack tutorial you’re supposed to flu to one location then hover back to the next. If you fall during the hover back portion you respawn in your room, going down stairs makes you fall to your death. Neither reloading or restarting the game resolved it. So when you get to that part don’t fuck up.
My new 6800XT goes 90c or indicated red on my Warzone Telemeter   im new to amd first one actually, is this normal? and how do i make it not too hot on the game


Where can I ask this question if I can’t ask it here?
I just started replaying the Crash Bandicoot trilogy, which I had played when they first came out but not since then, and I am really enjoying it. I love platform games, but I've been dissatisfied with most of the ones I've picked up lately.   I want games where you need to time your jumps but the level works in a pattern so you can learn it. I don't need 3D or wandering capabilities, I like fairly linear levels. I do love Mario Galaxy though. I don't care for the boss battles but I accept that they usually come with platform games. I also am good with puzzles in my levels.  I love Mario, but the only Mario platformer on the switch is 3D World which I like, but have already beaten on the Wii U. I've played every platform and 3D Mario game.  Yoshi's crafted world was too easy due to Yoshi's overpowered float jump.  Donkey Kong Tropical freeze was ok but I didn't like the boss battles  I'm not a big modern Kirby fan, I do like the NES Kirby though. I just like more jumping than floating.  I love Captain Toad Treasure Tracker which is arguably more puzzle than platform but it's worth a mention.  I don't really care about the story, I just want to jump through precarious platforms in peace. If I screw up I want to be sent to the checkpoint or the beginning of the level. I'm generally pro collecting things.  I currently own - NES, Game Gear, 3DS, Wii (so can play GameCube), Xbox 360, Wii U, Xbox One, and Switch.  So my questions are 1. What platform games should I try?  2. Is there a console I don't own that would have more platforming goodness? I know they are not as popular as they once were, so I'm wondering if I need a PlayStation 2 or something.  Thanks for your time!

Hey I'm looking to make some genuine friends on xbox (I have a series x) and pc  I own and have played nearly every game. If you wanna add/play please send a message/comment. Thanks :) happy gaming!
So I (26 F) got a new Playstation and kinda wanna start exploring video games outside of traditional fighting games and the Sims. I think I'll probably like RPGs the best but I have no idea what I am walking into.  If you have any game suggestions or just want to be friends bump this post or hit me up.


Been wanting to play either wave based or just good fun shoot enemies for hours type thing hoping for some sci-fi vibes or liminal vibes as well I was told id like arcade shooters more so im looking for recommendations
I'm looking for a (HDMI 2.1 to Displayport 1.4 Adapter) that will Transmit a (8K 60hz/4K 120hz HDR10 Signal) from my Graphics Card to my TV without any Audio issues, as I still have an (Oculus Rift CV1) and I don't have the money to upgrade to a newer VR headset.  It is very Annoying to have to Unplug my TV's HDMI 2.1 Cable and plug In my Oculus HDMI Cable into my GPU to use it, and I Just want to be able to leave both Cables Plugged In at once.  So if anyone knows of any good Adapters or Cables with these features that actually work, so I don't wear out the ports on my GPU or the Cables it would be appreciated.


it’s driving me crazy. it’s been out for at least five years if not longer. it’s a fantasy game with a female protagonist. i remember it starts out in what looks like a middle eastern inspired city. at one point there’s this modern city type fight scene, and then another where she’s in an old greenhouse lab type place with crazy plants, and another scene with a really big tower building. it’s not a lot to go off of but it’s driving me absolutely crazy since i can picture it all in my head. the graphics are 3d and it’s 3rd person POV so you see the character the whole time. i think there’s a slight dystopian element to it as well.



Does anyone remember which game this is from? It's a map that had houses built into a cliff and I cannot for the life of me remember which one it's in. Thanks in advance!

Try to be civil in the comments.
Hi.   I used to be a “gamer” years ago but I stopped doing/following gaming for the past 12+ years for reasons. I recently got the Steam Deck and it has been great! I’ve played several games mostly new versions of the old games I used to like (RE 2-3 remasters, Tomb Raider new trilogy, etc) and really enjoyed them but not idea where to go next.   I finished Control Ultimate Edition and currently playing It Takes Two, A Plague Tale Innocence and Spider-Man Remastered. I loved the main story on Control specially watching the videos and reading the documents, as well as the story on It Takes Two and A Plague Tale.   Now, I’m looking for games that have interesting “story” without necessarily being heavy “combat, fighting, shooting” gameplay.   So I’d love to get some recommendations on games preferably similar to A Plague Tale (linear and not big open worlds)  Thanks for your help.
I need a few responses for my journalism unit and would be really helpful! I'll include your Reddit username as default; if you choose to remain anonymous, please add "Hide my user" in your response.  By "affect your daily life" I mean if playing your game improves reaction time, focus, or teamwork. It would be greatly appreciated if I could get a couple of responses and would be eternally grateful.
What do you guys think about NFT gaming? How will NFT gaming be beneficial for gamers?   &#x200B;  Any thoughts ?

There was this game I was looking for. I remember it was a scifi game with buff shark alien pirates but the designs weren't necessarily appealing. I think those were the playable characters? That's all I can remember.  I saw a video about it years ago explaining how it was able to totally avoid r34 art but I started thinking of this game again for some weird reason.   SciFi and Buff Alien Shark Pirates. Thats literally all I can remember lmfao

Does anyone remember these games? I would I love a remaster of them 11-13 year old me played them over and over again
Ok sooo im seeing a LOT of promotions about gaming rooms and stuff with super nice tv or monitors chairs lights and stuff… im not much of a gamer, yeah i have a ps3 switch and gaming laptop which the only thing i use is the switch in handheld because i like it better that on a tv with a control. Buttttt idk the difference between using a nice tv or a monitor to play games. Whats the difference?which one is better!? Why!? If I wanted to connect my laptop to a larger screen which one could i do it with!? Please help idk much abouth this things


How would you feel if AI took over the production of games? I feel like when AI becomes more polished in the future, it will be realistic for large developers who want to pump out games quickly to start using AI scriptwriting softwares to generate game storylines, and AI art softwares to create base models for the game art.  Will you be happy that the number of games produced and released will probably increase? Or will you switch over to support indie game developers?  Personally, I think there is something (that I can't put my finger on) that makes AI generated scripts or art feel disingenuous. Knowing the games I'm playing at the baseline aren't made by humans somehow makes me uncomfortable.  Also, if you are a game developer, would love to hear your thoughts on how you think AI will invade roles in the game development industry, if at all.







Mac user here. I’ve loved and played every Diablo game for most of my life and am excited for D4. At the moment I only have a Mac M1 running on OS Monterey, however when I tried downloading D3 and the battle.net setups they both keep failing and saying “setup quit unexpectedly”. I can’t seem to find any tricks to fixing it but I really want to play some d3 and possibly d2R.
Back in 2015 or whenever, I really enjoyed Asphalt 8 and Alto’s Adventure. Just basic Apple TV controls. Any similar games on Apple TV I might enjoy?

I've heard a lot of good things about this game and in thinking about getting it. Would I like the gameplay because When it comes to action games I like stuff like dmc, arkham, nier, etc. I did not enjoy dark souls at all. Also is it true theirs nudity and shit in this game because I'm 17 and if my parents have said there is so they would be pissed if I got the game so I'd have to play it in secret.
I've recently been revisiting some games of my childhood. I loved Hover Ace Combat Racing Zone and Full Auto 2 growing up, but I realized there aren't really any combat racing games these days, and no, I'm not considering Mario Kart a combat racing game. Honestly I don't care if it's brand new or if its an older game as long as it still holds up well today.



I literally only use it to play 4k and blurays because it has Dolby vision. But I can't even do that 90% of the time because every time I turn the console on the resolution is screwed up, it doesn't register hdcp, and/or the sound doesn't work. It was the same way with my Xbox one S. Idk why people (including me) buy this garbage.
I searched everywhere and I still haven’t found it


I don't care about money because it's on sale, but is it worth the time?  I wanted this game because there aren't a lot of demanding games that can put my 4090 to work, and because it's on sale for a measly 12 USD in my local currency.  But the Steam reviews are absolutely terrible, and there doesn't seem to be a clear consensus on what exactly is wrong with the game. One review said it's a "bad AC game but good viking game," which doesn't matter to me because I've never played any AC game anyway. A few reviews said it has no achievements, which also doesn't matter to me. But one said it has "awful graphics" and a "horrendous story," which are two things that definitely matter to me.
Listening to Carol of the Bells by David Foster, and I couldn’t help but think, damn, this would be a wonderful soundtrack to add to a video game.   Maybe Cloud vs Sephiroth, or Santa Clause vs Jack Frost (someone please make this into a JRPG).   What do you guys think? What kinda fights would you like to see that has this soundtrack?






# I love playing minecraft with friends and sims 4, I love the exploring aspect of Minecraft as well as the sims with expansion packs. I like the sims because I can make them do whatever I want really and it's not strict roleplay and whatnot but I can't seem to find anything similar. A friend suggested stardew valley which looks cute but I don't like the graphics personally and am not big on farming games. I also like the drama sims has to offer. If you have any suggestions please and thank you



*based on a true story*


I'm trying to find myself an emulator console that I can play old nostalgia games like Mario kart 64 and so on. All these emulators I see online are so ridiculously expensive it's stupid. What can anyone recommend me for something reasonable. FYI I live in Toronto
Hi everyone! So my fiance plays playstation and steam on the deck and on his computer. I am planning on getting him gift cards to put in his stocking but does anyone have any other suggestions that may be could be a cool addition to have while he games? I was going to get him the dock for the steam deck but he already bought it. He also already has 2 controllers, a gaming chair, etc;   &#x200B;  Any ideas/suggestions would be appreciated! TIA!

age 13+ vc yes plz time zone: uh the LA one i think im in oregon idfk i play stardew on switch

hoping to find one with concave A and B buttons and resembles close to the original



Just got a ps5 after playing xbox my entire life

As the title says, looking for something co-op that my wife and I could play together. Doesn’t necessarily have to be co-op we could trade off but co-op would be fun. She hasn’t played in a while her last gaming experience was circa left 4 dead 2 so anything to ease her back in. Thanks for the suggestions!
First achievement for high on life was killing a kid named slumsley 😂 so far the game is awesome

Everyone’s seen the Leroy Jenkins video right? How do I play as part of a clan?   I want to work as a team and play fun games. Where do I go?   Can only play on computer but would be happy for any help!

I'm looking to buy my little brother a usb steering wheel with 3 pedals and a shifter that can connect to his Xbox one.   Price range is between $175-$250. He has cerebral palsy so he's a little tough on stuff so I'm looking for one that can handle a little but of a beating.  Any suggestions would be fantastic.




As I reflect on the subject of how video games can positively affect one's health, I can't help but think of the various ways in which these activities can benefit us.     I remember looking at a study that said regular gaming can lead to increased hand-eye coordination, better reaction times and improved fine motor skills.    They can even make you exercise to some extent! Some games require players to move their bodies in order to play (like Kinect and wii games as well as VR), providing a form of low-impact exercise that can help with cardiovascular health as well as muscular strength.     On the mental side, playing computer and video games has been linked to improved problem solving skills, improved memory and concentration, as well as higher levels of creativity. Games that involve strategy and planning also help to improve decision-making abilities.    By challenging players to think ahead and consider different scenarios and strategies, these types of games can help to build a person's analytical skills.     Another important benefit of gaming is its potential to reduce stress. Whether it be through the immersive story lines found in role playing games or simply through the act of competing against others in an online match, gaming has been known to provide a sense of relaxation and enjoyment that can help to alleviate some of life's daily stresses.   Video  games have a great deal to offer when it comes to improving one's health, both physically and mentally.    Of course that sitting the whole day paying games is probably not a very healthy habit, but as long as you do it moderately, it should be good for you.   At least that's how I see it...   What do you guys think?





I just made one of those, "I still have cords attached to my controller" moves. I made to sweep it up over my legs so I could get up and move in the direction I wanted to go. That is all.
It's quite a bold claim but hear me out.  Up until release of Starcraft 2 RTS genre was rather popular. Just to name a few: Age of Empires & Mythology, Supreme Commander, Warcraft, Rise of Nations, Command and Conquer Tiberium & Red Alert IPs...  Then in 2010 Starcraft 2: Wings of Liberty has happened. It had incredibly polished campaign that was about 20-25 hours long, massively successful multiplayer. Then the 2 'expansions' have dropped, as well as an extra mission pack, almost quadroupling the campaign length. These expansions were as good as the base game, and on top of that there was incredibly fun Co-op mode. Blizzard has even made the base game free to play, so the high-quality 20 hour campaign was just given out to everyone for free. It still is. Overall, Starcraft 2 was massive success.  Then the genre kinda... died out? It felt like no developer wanted to even try, besides few sequels to already established RTS games like **Total War** or **Company of Heroes**, which had their own unique approach.  Microsoft has poured huge amounts of money into **Age of Empires 4** and it was... okay? It was heavily scrutinized, often compared to Starcraft 2. The game is good but it felt like it fell off the radar in a week or two. Another "big" RTS game is **Dune: Spice Wars** which is this RTS/4x hybrid, with notoriously good IP and it's quite good but... again, it somehow just exists.  The next big thing on the horizon seems to be **Stormgate**, and funnily enough, the biggest selling point of the game so far seems to be that it's made by some people who have worked on Starcraft 2.
Hi there  I want to find a super easy one-button game for a woman that can only push a button that is connected with a mouse. She never played anything like this, but I believe it could be something, if not the first thing, she could entertain herself with, without outside help.  So to give her an easy start, it should be a game where you can only win, but not lose. After some time her arm can have troubles and she wouldn‘t be able to control it. It would be frustrating to lose all progress in the game because of this.  I am not really sure what I am looking for, but there must be something out there… I hope you have some suggestions!


If Die Hard and Home Alone are easy pickings as Christmas movies, what game you can always replay once winter is kicking in?  For me is The Division.

The one and only mechanic that finally blessed the repetitive-ass domain of Pokemon games with real gameplay skill got yanked faster than it was introduced. Battles are now once again mandatory and waste so much time with their intro/outro animations. Leveling your team got easier, but it's still a grind like it ever was.   C'mon Game Freak, step out of your comfort zone and give us the proper Pokemon game we always wanted already!

Hi, I recently bought my first monitor, a 22inch Onn monitor, and I’m a little confused about audio.   I have it plugged into my xbox one. How do I get audio from the xbox to play into a set of headphones?? Everywhere I’ve looked online doesn’t just give a clear answer, and there’s no headphone jack on the actual monitor.  Please if anyone could give some guidance
I just realized that in past 10 years the only RTS i play are old. Starcraft 2, C&C general/ Red Alert, with occasional Age of empires. And in last 10 years there werent anything RTS that made big enough waves to get my attention(in terms they werent trending). It seems to be lately all games are either rpg, fps, sidescroller, platformers, games. Is RTS genre dead now?
I've spent about 70 hours playing The Witcher 3 on PS4, now I have a PS5 and I'm wondering if I could be able to restore my progress into the new next gen version
I'm very bored rn and want to play a really good single player game. What is your favorite(s)?
It's going to blow up before it even gets off the runway. I know it. You know it. We all can feel it deep in our guts.     So, if you are actually interested in an amazing Diablo experience and don't know about it yet, you really really really really ought to give a look at Project Diablo 2.     Just check the site out, it's the best fucking thing to ever happen to D2. It's basically D2 taken to PoE level.     Look, nothing I can say is going to actually do it justice, so if you are a big Diablo fan and you know D4 is going to shit the bed in your heart, you can find peace in this alternative. I promise you're about to discover one of the best games you've ever played.     [https://live.projectdiablo2.com/](https://live.projectdiablo2.com/)
Considering a list of the best RPG of each year (2022-1985), I noticed there were few Western rpgs: Disco Elysium; Divinity: Original Sin 2 and 1; The Witcher 3; Skyrim; Fallout: New Vegas; Mass Effect 2 (a tie in 2010); Oblivion and Morrowind. Full list below:  [https://youtu.be/nYmbr5rEvgU](https://youtu.be/nYmbr5rEvgU)  Even though one could have put Star Wars: KOTOR in 2003, that wouldn't change the fact JRPGs still dominate. I wonder what made the Japanese honed so much the amazing art of creating so many unforgettable rpg series and games. You got any theories?  I know some people dislike jrpgs, and I am not here to compare them with WRPGs. I am here to raise a question:  Why, in the whole history of RPG video games, the JRPGs are so dominant?

Hey all, just recently picked up PS5 and want to get into Last of Us series.  I’ve never played a single LoU game and want to get into it prior to its upcoming show.  I saw on the PS store there are like 4 different versions? Which do I start with and which do I play after if I’m looking to take advantage of the higher graphics of PS5?  Thanks.
It is just hard for me to get into the character, especially when they look like an actor I have seen in a handful of movies


Hello! Don't know if this is the right spot to ask but I am just wondering if anyone can point me in the direction of some games I may enjoy but just haven't discovered yet.  Games I really enjoy: Lost in Random (switch), Hollow Knight, We Happy Few, Kingdom Hearts (all), A Short Hike (switch). Fantasy, magic, or dystopian styles are always the vibe.  I like to be able to explore and collect things, but I don't want to do a bunch of mind-numbing tasks like fishing and farming. So if anyone has any suggestions, I'd really love to hear them!
In the spirit of the Game Awards, been waiting to do this for a couple of years now so finally sat my butt down and looked up full lists of video games released on consoles I played and started with a draft, this is the finalized list as we approach 2023...been playing since the 90s so expect a wide variety of games !    Quick Notes : -  \* There was about 30 Wikipedia tabs open (with some chill tracks playing in the back) while I narrowed it down to make sure I didn't miss anything so took me a couple of days, if you don't see (X) game means it's probably not my cuppa tea / didn't make the final list / never owned console or copy.  \* These are in no particular order, I only categorized by main genres (Platformers for example are under Action according to Wikipedia)…some games might fall under one or another genre so I just went for a broader approach, added (console tag) to specify which console I played it on or my preferred port.  \* This is NOT a list of what I think are the best 100 of all time, it's my personal favorites...which is (like most lists) subjective !  \* My only criteria for buying a game is fun / replay value, added a 3rd criteria for older / retro games just for the sake of this list which is "ages well" and/or "still holds up"  \*Elden Ring is currently my GOAT so I excluded it from the list !  ..............................................................................................................  \[ Action / Adventure \]  1- Super Mario Bros. 3 (NES) "pinnacle of retro Mario games"  2- Super Mario Maker games (Switch) "all your favorites crammed in one game"  3- Bloodstained ROTN (PC) "a fantastic love letter to "metroidvanias"  4- Castlevania SOTN (PS1) "arguably the best game in that genre"  5- The Binding of Isaac games (PC) "probably my 2nd favorite roguelike"  6- The Legend of Zelda BOTW (Cemu emulator) "prefer the emulation experience for enhancements"  7- Spelunky games (PC) "probably my favorite roguelike"  8- Time Splitters : Future Perfect (PS2) "a franchise that needs a reboot"  9- Ace Combat games (multi-consoles) "Assault Horizon is the only bad entry in the franchise"  10- Gravity Rush games (PS4) "free these exclusives, need PC ports"  11- L4D2 (Steam) "Steam is the ONLY right choice, TONS of community-made content"  12- Poy Poy 2 (PS1) "absolute gem, arena brawler thingy...go check it out"  13- Warriors Orochi / Dynasty Warriors games (multi-consoles) "WO3/DW8 are my favorites"  14- Silent Hill 2 (PS2) "the best survival horror experience"  15- Batman Arkham games (PC) "the way Batman games are meant to be played"  16- Splinter Cell games (multi-consoles) "so many gadgets to play around with"  17- Borderlands games (PC) "fun times"  18- Earth Defense Force 2025 (Xbox 360) "EDF....EDF....EDF !"  19- Hitman games (multi-consoles) "I don't think you can go wrong with any"  20- Mercenaries : Playground of Destruction (PS2) "you get paid to blow things up, I'm sold !"  21- Metro Exodus (PC) "desperate times call for desperate measures"  22- Sonic Mania (multi-consoles) "like a phoenix rising from the ashes, the soundtracks slap"  23- Metal Slug games (multi-consoles) "HEAVYYYYY MACHINEGUN"  24- Contra: Hard Corps (Genesis) "too good !"  25- Odin Sphere: Leifthrasir (PS4) "go check it out"  26- Rival Schools: United by Fate (PS1) "my all time favorite fighting game"  27- Yakuza 0 (PC) "braindead fun, minigames, great story....what's not to like !"  28- Dead Island (PC) "Dead Island 2 is almost here, more of the same please"  29- Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (PS2) "goddamn it Konami"  30- Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (PC) "you ALWAYS pick Quiet"  31- Onimusha games (PS2) "if Devil May Cry and Ninja Gaiden had a baby"  32- The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker (Wii-U) "run away, it's the booger kid !"  33- Buster Bros. Collection (PS1) "obscure, casual, fun !"  34- Vanquish (PC) "smoking is bad for you"  35- Alice Madness Returns (PC) "MOMMY......Alice is doing drugs again !"  36- Sonic the Hedgehog 3 & Knuckles (Genesis) "I cheated two games for one spot"  37- Yoshi's Island: Super Mario Advance 3 (GBA) "please stop crying"  38- Super Mario 3D World (Wii-U) "play it in co-op and watch friendships crumble"  39- Shadow of Rome (PS2) "so you played Ryse and think it's good huh ?"  40- Silent Hill 3 (PS2) "Robbie the Rabbit is here to welcome you"  41- Bayonetta (PC) "the first game, the newer releases fall short"  42- Streets of Rage (Genesis) "the first one is still my favorite, must not forget the banger tracks !"  43- Megaman games (multi-consoles) "personal favorite is X5 but they play pretty much the same"  44- Resident Evil 3 : Nemesis (PS1) "pacing was just right, remakes are worth it but missing content"  45- Marvel vs Capcom: Clash of Superheroes (PS1) "listen to the (staff roll OST)"  46- Battle City (NES) "was so hard finding what it was called !"  47- Bioshock Infinite (PC) "it's a doozy"  48- Bugs Bunny: Lost in Time / Bugs Bunny & Taz: Time Busters (PS1) "cheater, two-for-one special"  49- Monster / Wonder Boy games (multi-consoles) "side-scrolling action platformer fun"  50- Sly Cooper games (PS2) "not sure if they released any games later outside PS2, need to look into it"  \[ Strategy \]  51- Stronghold Crusader (PC) "always side with Saladin, he knows what he's doing"  52- C&C Generals: Zero Hour (PC) "put aside the blatant racism and you have one of the best RTS"  \[ RPG \]  53- The Last Remnant (PC) "my favorite turn-based RPG, play it and thank me later"  54- Dragon Quest XI (PC) "must play"  55- Dragon's Dogma (PC) "if Shadow of The Colossus and Monster Hunter had a baby"  56- The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim (PC) "one of the best games ever made"  57- Final Fantasy X (PS2) "my favorite in the franchise"  58- Final Fantasy XIII (PC) "a lot of fanboys hate this one"  59- Fire Emblem Three Houses (Switch) "because school life is hardcore"  60- Fire Emblem Awakening (3DS) "probably my favorite in the franchise"  61- Fire Emblem Path of Radiance (GameCube) "why is this franchise so good !?"  62- Fallout 3 (PC) "post nuclear era isn't so bad after all !"  63- Tales of Arise (PC) "WARNING : the combat is purely addictive"  64- Scarlet Nexus (PC) "was surprisingly amazing"  65- Nioh 2 (PC) "the only souls-like game I enjoyed"  66- Dark Souls 3 (PC) "speaking of souls-like"  67- Front Mission 3 (PS1) "they're working on remakes, can't wait for this to be remade"  68- Diablo 3 (PS4) "yes, I prefer console port over the messy MMO UI on PC !"  69- .hack//QUARANTINE (PS2) "superb game"  70- Ni No Kuni 2 (PC) "almost never played it since I didn't like the 1st one"  71- Persona games (multi-consoles) "can't go wrong with any, so pick your favorite story-wise"  72- Valkyria Chronicles 4 (PC) "if you're interested in the franchise then this is the one to play"  73- The Witcher 3 (PC) "Gwent !"  74- Pokemon HGSS (NDS) "quality of life features puts them over OG GSC"  75- Pokemon ORAS (3DS) "Gen 3 experience but bigger and better"  76- Pokemon Platinum (NDS) "play it with randomizers, applies with previously mentioned games too"  77- Atelier Iris 3: Grand Phantasm (PS2) "tried getting into the franchise, this is the only one I liked"  78- Fallout New Vegas (PC) "play it with enemy/loot randomizer, good luck !"  79- Kingdom Hearts games (multi-consoles) "pick your favorite, they're all good"  80- Bloodborne (PS4) "my first entry into hell, a masterpiece !"  81- Fire Emblem Radiant Dawn (Wii) "wait....more Fire Emblem !?!"  82- Fire Emblem Fates (3DS) "okay this needs to stop !"  83- Nier: Automata (PC) "RPG ? Hack 'n Slash ? who cares, it's good"  84- Fallout 4 (PC) "will admit I haven't finished it yet but it's looking like Fallout 3/New Vegas goodness"   85- Cyberpunk 2077 (PC) "somewhat overhyped but still pretty good"  86- Final Fantasy X-2 (PS2) "goes under the radar, check it out"  \[ Puzzle \]  87- Plants vs Zombies (PC) "BRAIIIIIIINS !"  88- Portal games (PC) "one of the best games you can recommend for anyone new to gaming"  89- Mario Party games (Nintendo consoles) "puzzle game ?"  90- Dr. Mario (NES) "it's a me....Dr. Mario !"  91- Bejeweled games (PC) "it's shiny"  92- World of Goo (PC) "the motto of this game is "it just works"  93- WarioWare games (Nintendo consoles) "didn't know where to put this, puzzle it is !"  \[ Sports / Racing \]  94- Trials games (multi-consoles) "I can make that jump.................nevermind"  95- Toy Story Racer (PS1) "Crash Team Racing / Mario Kart < Toy Story Racer"  96- Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 (PC) "haven't played football sims in ages, this is my go to if I get an itch"  97- Burnout 3: Takedown / Burnout: Revenge (PS2) "EPIC !"  98- Crazy Taxi games (multi-consoles) "why is everyone in a rush ?!"  99- Tony Hawk's Pro Skater games (multi-consoles) "rack up those combos"  100- Mario Kart games (Nintendo consoles) "are we picking Rainbow Road again ?"  ...................................................................................................  Quick Honorable Mentions :-  These are games that didn't make it on the list for one reason or another but still deserve a mention.  I still had to cut this short, real short, so that the post doesn't get out of hand...well, more out of hand !  To The Moon / Silent Hill 4 / Super Mario Land / Cave Story / Digimon Digital Card Battle / Twisted Metal (2012) / River City Ransom / Super Mario Bros / Fighting Force / Gekido / Crusader of Centy / Captain Tsubasa Vol. II: Super Striker / Deadly Premonition / Advanced Wars / Yu-Gi-Oh! / Comix Zone / Duke Nukem: Time To Kill / DeathSpank / Syphon Filter / Tenchu / The Legend of Zelda / TMNT / Lode Runner / Serious Sam / Catherine / GTA / Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers / Goal 3 / Alien Storm / Castle of Illusion / Bloody Roar / Viewtiful Joe / SSX / Mortal Kombat 9, Armageddon, Deception, Shaolin Monks / Tiny Toon Adventures: Buster's Hidden Treasure, ACME All-Stars / Nuclear Throne / Batman The Video Game / Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle.  ...................................................................................................  Feel free to upvote if you think this will help others get into some games they might have missed out on, cheers ;)
Hi guys, me and my girlfriend have just finished It Takes Two. Any other splitscreen coop-games that we can try? Both PS4 and PS5 are welcome, but preferably PS5.
I’ve started trying to get out of my comfort zone when it comes to video games - I really like Dead Cells and was curious if anyone had similar game recommendations? I want to get into Souls-Like games and eventually play Elden Ring, so does anyone have some recommended games of/similar to that genre for beginners?

I have an issue with my ps5, where if hdr is turned on it won’t come on and give me flickering lights in the corners. If I turn it off I can turn on the ps5 just fine. Once I start a game I can turn on the hdr and it will work fine until I shut off the game. This happens with Multiple tv’s and multiple hdmi cables.  Nobody seems to be able to help me. Any advise would be appreciated.  P.s. I have a Vizio m70q6 that just did an update. The update will not allow me switch hdr off and on it now does it automatically and I cannot turn on my ps5 anymore
It's almost time to hear from critics and their year-end top 10. I'm curious about the general public's top 10. And they don't have to be from 2022! Here's mine:  1. Yakuza: Like a Dragon. This is probably my favorite jrpg ever (maybe tied with Chrono Trigger) and definitely my favorite Yakuza (and I love Yakuza). The turn-based system was a ton of fun for me. Also, this is probably the best party/cast of characters I've seen in a game. I loved each person and was invested in their story. Touching, thrilling, hilarious. Basically a perfect game.   2. Plague Tale: Requiem. My GOTY for games released in 2022. Asobo produced a knockout effort that I can hang with the efforts of any AAA. Probably had the most shocking ending of a game I played all year (not sure I liked that part either).   3. Stardew Valley: What can I say? It's a classic and I seemingly never stop playing it.   4. Alan Wake Remaster: Alan Wake has been in my top favorite games of all time since I played the original on the 360. Remedy did a great job with the remake (save for a few bugs here and there). Favorite writing of any game. Bright Falls is one of those places I get nostalgia for even though it's fictional  5. Fallout New Vegas: I love the world of fallout and this is probably the best. The narrative options and dialogue is top notch. Graphics look terrible today, but gameplay and story still soar.   6. Gris: Such a mesmerizing game. Beautiful art style. Amazing music. Literally hypnotic. I could play this game on a loop endlessly.   7. Fallout 4: This was my first year playing through Fallout games. I loved the basebuilding component of Fallout 4 and enjoyed the narrative almost as much as New Vegas. Enjoyed combat quite a bit too.  8. Prey: WAAAY underrated. This game deserves more fans. Super creative, suspenseful and a great story.   9. Mario Odyssey: First Mario game I've played in a while. Reminds me why Nintendo is king. Such a magical experience and pure fun.   10. Dadish 3: Hidden gem. For fans of super meat boy or precision platformers. A colorful and funny spin on the genre. Played it with my kids  Honorable mentions: RE3 Remake, Skyrim, Wolfenstein: New Colossus, Unravel 2, Guardian of the Galaxy.     What are yours?  *edit - these are just your favorite games you played the year regardless of release date.your best gaming experiences in 2022.

I have a crew with about 15 people but were growing cause at one time we had 80. We are looking to move to a game that can fit us, a game that works in Dayz type servers or Gta5 sessions, anything like that would work  Appreciate all recommendations.
I'll go first.  Final Fantasy 10 takes place in a world greatly held back from technological evolution and development, the only advanced tech they have is what they found from the time of Zanarkand 1000 years ago. Any new tech the less nomadic people come up with is primitive in comparison to what the Al Bhed routinely strive to find and fix.  I played the game at launch and many, many times since. It took me starting a new playthrough of the remastered version, and subsequently looking at tips to properly use the sphere grid, to find a thread discussing Spira itself. As a kid I was much more interested in the fantasy element and curb stomping fiends, as an adult I can't help but be enamoured with the world building.
I've had 2 highly recommended games fall flat for me, first one is outer wilds. It won a bunch of awards, people were calling it one of the greatest experiences in gaming and how they wish they could forget everything so they could play it fresh again. I got about 12 hours into it and knew I was getting close to the end but there was still nothing that hooked me in, decided to quit and Google the ending to see what I was missing and I'm glad I didn't put another few hours into it to figure it out myself.    The second was portal 2. It was alright, but definitely not a must play as it's often touted.    What's your list look like?
I am looking for a new game to buy (specificly a story game) in the coming christmas sale on steam (whenever it arrives).  Games I already played and enjoyed:  1. Horizon zero dawn. & Forbidden west The story felt very satasfying and I really felt like I was (finally) good at a game.  2. RDR2 The story was just on another level, and it was imersive.  What should I play next??  Sorry for the typos.
Hi Redit.  Newish to posting but I thought I’d see what everyone’s GOAT game is.   Mines is God of War 2 (2007 - PS2). The day the game came out, I got my dad to rent a copy from my local blockbuster (showing my age here) as I was only 15 years old. I spent the next three days playing it non stop, since I had some time off after my exams finished and got to play it on the big down stairs TV, as opposed to the wee TV in my room.  I adored the first game, but GOW2 improved on everything for me. The ending will always be up there with one of the best cliffhangers in media.   So what are your GOAT games?
So I really love anno. But all I want to do is build my world and not worry about not having enough money. For example, in wildlife park I can just turn on unlimited money and just happily build my zoo. Now I need something like that but for building towns set in the past. I'm completely fine with having to place wood chopper people houses (no idea what the correct word is in English) so I have enough wood or having to place a building that turns iron ore into iron. That's fun. But only with unlimited money.  I'd be glad if someone could help me out!
Whats your top 5 games for the last 10 years? online or offline

I have been wanting to get into a war based game for some time now, and looking for something that had the gameplay like Red Alert .  No turn taking, everything happening at once.  I miss Red Alert 2 and hoping someone has ideas since the game no longer is easily accessible.
Do any of you know any good open world rpgs that aren’t like dark souls?

What displays do you guys use to run their PC and their PS5?  I've a hunch that a PS5 works best on a TV, and a pc runs best on a computer monitor. Is this still true?  If your gaming teen runs both is there a display that works well with both?   He's got a full hd TV which we've connected the pc on, but the icons are all so pixelated or aliased.  Thanks
I know that the Star Wars Series Mandalorian was created with the help of UE5. Also the new Game trailers, the Announcement of CD Projekt to move to UE5 and many other studios, made the a impression that UE5 is boosting the Gaming and Film Industry. What do you think?
Its 2022 and i still feel like we haven't adopted many "next-gen" features yet that would benefit us.

Hi all,  not too excited to play it to be honest. Watched some gameplay and it didn't look interesting gameplay wise...  But! What's your experience? If you have to say PLAY IT or DON'T PLAY IT... can you explain why at least in your experience?  &#x200B;  Thanks

I play fortnite at a high level, I want to play rust in my spare time but scared it’ll impact my skill in fortnite? Is this the case?

Does anybody truly like a video games anymore? Everyone is always complaining about what’s not perfect or how it isn’t fun enough. Like literally for the 5 main games I play , all the people that talk in the community barely have nice things to say about it . I play mostly FPS games, I think RPG games have a lot more open minded communities, at least from my personal opinion , what do you guys think, why are people so negative now a days?  Sorry for the rant haha 😅

I recently broke my elbow on my dominant hand so I need gaming suggestions for games I can play single handidly which also isn't to demanding so I can adjust to using my other hand.

So I used to play a lot of one certain style ROBLOX game a few years ago, games that were generally rpg-style games with a lot of level-based grinding, usually anime fan games. Examples of these would be AUT, YBA and project menacing for JoJo fan games or DBZ:FS for dragonball games. Does anyone know any games with a similar formula to these?  And to clarify, I’m looking for games on the Xbox store.

As everyone already knows, most of Sonic's games have been dogshit, with exceptions like Sonic Generations, Sonic Adventure 2, Sonic Frontiers, Sonic Mania, and, of course, the classics. If you still have a craving for that kind of gameplay, here are some games that, although somewhat different, might satisfy that craving.    The "[Spark, The Electric Jester](https://youtu.be/tOrO9RuXA3E)" Series has one 2D game, and two 3D games. The gameplay and style seem like a combination of Sonic and Kirby. The 3rd game came out a few months ago, and most people who've played it are saying it's better than any 3D Sonic game in existence.    There is also a game called "[Lunistice](https://youtu.be/tQTkUIKj3tw)". The gameplay looks like a combination of Super Mario Galaxy, and Sonic Adventure. Almost everyone who played this game have said that they liked it a lot, though a common criticism is that it's a bit too short.   And lastly, my personal favorite, almost everyone in the community has heard of "[Freedom Planet](https://youtu.be/lHiPwSLNZTw)". The 2nd game came out months ago, and almost every person who played it has loved it to death. It's basically what would happen if you combine classic Sonic's 2D gameplay with combat, and Rocket Knight.   All of the games mentioned above are indie, and are all available on PC. Not all of them are available on consoles, though.
I was gonna buy the switch pro controller but I’m not too sure if it’s worth the price any recommendations?
For me, a few that stood out (that I personally LOVED) was Clash at Demonhead and Faxanadu. I don't feel those two games get the love they deserve.


After playing so many other mmorpgs from the big ones, also some of the smaller ones, i find ffxiv being the most fun i ever had in an rpg game, second is gw2 and third is wow

My dad is the last person I need to get some gifts for Christmas, he has a series x, a ps5 a switch oled, multiple controllers, and just bought the artis pro headset, man he is extremely hard to get a gift for lol, he has god of war ragnarok, any recommendations? My first thought is the charging dock for the controllers, there nice as I own them myself, thank you in advance!


Nintendo just dropped the latest DLC for this game (I'm not saying who it is) but there's new gear and new customizable stadiums.  So so far, the game has 16 captains to play as and a whole bunch of gear to change playstyles as well as new stadiums to create.  Is the game worth the current price tag or not? How's the online? Is it dead or still pretty active? Are there plenty of clubs to join?
There was this 2D platformer game with a calming music at the start and the tree could moved left and right. After pressing space the tree was set in flames, the soundtrack changes to rock or something and the goal was to burn other people but dodge rainy clouds. Guess it was a game of the late 90s or early 2000s. The graphics weren't good, I remember pen drawed sprites. Does anybody have an idea? Unfortunately every Google search lead into a dead end.
Does anyone know a game that comibines TABS( Totally Accurate Battle Simulator ) with military.  With like a sandbox and a campaign. Just that it has the top part will satisfy me.  Please consider wrighting in the comments
Rtx 3070 could be the gpu for your setup. Maybe rtx 3080 but then it could become little more expensive than 2k.
>flaccid   Imagine the physics when the wind's howling
Okey, its creepy, but was doable for me (sause? Praydog VR mods)
Both. It’s just like flying with Spirit.
What a play! what a play!
Bloodstained  Hollow knight (a bit more light on the rpg aspect)
Games are getting way too realistic
Horny virgins who like pixels over real women.
You can buy a dock for the steam deck and it can emulate switch games if don't care about piracy or just dump the roms from an exploitable switch
Reply gang
Shower With Your Dad Simulator
I mean the reboot with the exact same name of the franchise that rebooted itself twice before the reboot game.
It's time to stop playing fortnite
Welcome, mothafucka!
And this is a comment
To be honest I would build a system around RX 7800 xt or RTX 3080. I would try to source everything on the boxing day at this point and call suppliers asking for deals.
You forget Nintendo has never been a cutting edge hardware company. They are a software company.
But-why-not?
Chrono Trigger’s dual and triple spells. Or FFVII’s endlessly customizable Materia.
I imagine any of the digital TCG like Magic, Hearthstone, Legends of Runeterra should be playable if you're into that kind of thing
Unblock Me
Have the xbox version I stream a bit laggy but still fun to play, I flew over my old neighborhood in NY my new house Iowa and surprisingly accurate, just the textures and colors where off. The level of detail you can get with max settings is just astonishing.
Saints Row
I'm by no means any sort of expert on the behind the scenes of Reddit subs, but could you add a requirement that game titles are added in square brackets and then a simple script that doesn't contain square brackets would be quarantined? It would save a lot of time for the mods manually sorting posts whilst enforcing the rules. If people aren't reading the rules and a post is taken down then that is the posters problem anyway
Not sure why they'd do that.  Good I have all Unreal and UT series games.  Maybe there will be fan patch for different server browser. Or we can still play pick up games on discord. There weren't any good public servers anyway.
Various Daylife, Kingdom Hearts 358 Days/2, VVVVVV, Melty Blood Actress Again Current Code, and a few square enix games i probably forgot about
Your submission has been removed because we do not allow redd.it link posts except for static images. Why? Our spam controls get screwed up by the v.redd.it domain.  Please use Youtube to host videos or imgur/gfycat for gifs, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/gaming) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Doom Eternal, Cold War, Metro Exodus, Witcher 3 with the new update, and at least a few others
I really liked Shinobi, those red ninjas were tough.
I rarely do. Or probably more accurate to say I rarely notice bugs as I've been gaming long enough to filter the most common ones out automatically.  A flickering texture, or texture pop in, or an audio stutter, or some corpse having weird ragdoll stuff is somewhat common in so many games that I just ignore it at this point.  Actual major bugs that seriously affect my gameplay are rare. They can be frustrating, but I can't really recall the last time I experienced one and got upset over it.
Hah. Idiots. I knew it was a game before I even opened it 😎
Just require that people add it to the post title. Simple.
Base game.
Fate wanted you to get something even better, should've kept it ;)
people think that if it’s added as a rule, all of the thousands of submissions here will just magically abide by it.  when in reality, the mods would just be removing post after post because people don’t actually read the rules
Since you're a mod here - care to enlighten us on the whys the mods have certainly talked about as to why having the game title in the post title isn't a rule?
I used to work in a research lab at a medical school. Gore was fine, nudity was not work appropriate.   Having surgical photos on your monitor was pretty routine in that office.
Bubsy 3D
When people complain abpit the Switchs hardware and say its not worth buying I just tell them to try playing Mario Odyssey or Breath of the Wild on their Xbox or PS
Crash bandicoot 3 has 3 levels of Coco riding a tiger
We don't appreciate boomer humour.
Skyrim jk shadows awakening
Let me rephrase then.  Even my 7900x doesn't run every or even most switch games better than native, much less a steam deck.  Switch emulation is still relatively early in its development. Graphical and audio glitches are extremely common. Crashes happen. I patreon both major emulators but still play Xenoblade 3 on native hardware because the much increased resolution isn't worth the problems that come along with emulation.
I'm not your pal,friend
Nice
Tiger Mount, a tiger the player can mount and ride.
You mean like light novel titles?
Their combat AI system is still the best of any game I've played.  Conditional actions that let you automate all sorts of combinations and contingencies.
But is it Level D certified?
Sure chief. And Gamergate was ONLY interested in ethics in games journalism. This is what you lot do. You get all racist about something, face backlash, then try and gaslight everyone about what you were “actually” saying.   Nah.
It was a slight upgrade to a 5yo chip. It was outdated the day it released. We currently have far more powerful chips in phones. The switch was ok in 2017, today it’s just embarrassing how underpowered it is.
Hey op that's not bad I ligit could only get dial up where I lived in the country
I don’t know about y’all, but I like me a big ole woman. Just a bigass giant som’bitch.
You want a prebuildt or do you want to build one yourself?
They’re talking about his wife and child from GoW 1 on PS2, not Faye and Atreus.
Doom Eternal, Metro Exodus, Black Ops Cold War, etc.
Sure it is, buddy…
one of them explained why on this post: https://reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/zmi2k3/_/j0bqsuo/?context=1
I would ask your doctor this question specifically. I was told to wear mine due to my hobbies (books, gaming, anything with screens). My glasses are for those situations since I see well without them, but for situations that strain the eyes, I need them. Definitely ask - it can help you in the future.
You are just getting older and falling into the same trap many adults fall into. Everything was better back in your day. You don’t like change. Young whippersnappers are ruining everything. Blah blah blah.
I love that you could basically spellweave your own spells with it. Sure, you have the "regular heal spell", but you could also just give you a longlasting regeneration spell. And another one that regenerates your mana.
Red leader standing by
According to my gf yes… she specifically asks, “are you going to play your airplane game all weekend?”
They could get an extended hard drive and go to a friend or relative house to download games on that.
I've never read the source material but some of the dialogue in the first and second season is quite possibly the most cringeworthy material I have ever watched. I always assumed that was the series writers.
Is it PSVR exclusive?
First, you're a dick for not pointing out the game.   Second, this *looks* like it's from a video game. I'm assuming you posted it because you thought it looked real. But, if that were the case, your opinion is wrong.
Great point. I’m not sure if our team has considered this before, but it’s definitely worth looking into.  I think one challenge that might come from that is if someone submits a non-screenshot post. Say, a webcomic, cosplay, article, original art, etc. We wouldn’t want every single non-screenshot post to have some kind of action the submitter needs to take to flair their post after the fact. Either way, we’ll keep looking into a good solution that won’t add too much friction to either submitters or the mods.
I like watching videos of planes landing bc I like planes, real or video game
How'd you manage that?  Consoles back then didn't enable scrrenshots.
Runescape
Could there be a reason they post without naming the game?  Does the mystery and lack of information prompt more activity per thread, so they do it on purpose?  Im genuinely curious if there is motive behind it or are these goons just a bunch of lazybones that can't be bothered to add the game title to their post?  I need answers!
TORILLA TAVATAAN
You have archers and javelin throwers.  I don't actually remember if there melee-only mode in 1 or 2.
You can absolutely use a console controller with your PC if you want. But I’m gonna suggest you spend a little time to get used to WASD with your left hand mouse in the right hand. It’s true that not everyone likes that or sticks with it, but there’s a reason so many people use it.
Which games?
Far Cry Primal
With backwards compatibility pls
What is a "tiger mount" ?   Seriously, it is not a gaming reference I am aware of (but then I am usually unaware of the zeitgeist)
Some good small games for you: Kingdom Two Crowns is a side scrolling Kingdom management game. Crusader Kings 2 is a medieval politics game but there's a lot of mods for it like Elder Scrolls and Game Of Thrones mods. Stardew Valley and Undertale are obvious ones. Paper's Please is a story based point and click game where you play a border guard of a vaguely eastern European Country. This War of Mine is more a management game where you have to scavenge the blown out remains of a war torn city in order to survive a civil war.
this is a bot.  original comment: https://reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/zmi2k3/_/j0b7jus/?context=1  report > spam > harmful bot
👍
What game?
Prey (2017)
The Switch's chipset was from 2015, the architecture is from 2012.  The weakness in the Switch wasn't outdated tech, it was just generally weak.
they added a fucking plant before waluigi.
As in Helsinki, Sweden!  [^^It's ^^a ^^Christmas ^^movie.](https://youtu.be/2lqnhA9d_B8?t=12)
FFXI & FFXIV
Well it was originally a common item, so one can only assume many people had the key…
> Microsoft Flight Simulator for those wondering. At  At what? At what?!
ALL CALLSIGNS CHECK IN
Twisted Metal?
Damn…
Most important spell was the healing stone that regularly ressurects a teammate. Plant one before every fight, because 2 seconds later, 4 maniacs rain down hellfire over the whole map, everyone dies and one gets up again to rez the whole team.
Go on strike, every other fucker is.  Edit: Sorry, I see you are in Canada, I thought it was a UK thread, my apologies. Good luck with your "Internet".
Just get RetroArch, then. You can play more games from more systems using it.
this is a bot.  original comment: https://reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/zmi2k3/_/j0baedj/?context=1  report > spam > harmful bot
Christmas Stories hidden object games.
Such as?
Could we like, not have porn on this subreddit? Plenty of other subs for this stuff.
How can they get engagement otherwise
The Twilight Princess one at least improves textures and has a new cave to go through. Skyward Sword is literally just the original game in HD and 60 fps and the additions are very minor, one of which is even behind a paywall.
This game.......
You mean Mario Kart 8.5
No.
Oh man, you know what pinball was amazing? Addams Family. So freaking good. T2 was excellent too as I recall.
Yes man ! I hate it actually hate it, you can’t win, get more sleep so it’s less time to game anyway ! I’m a weekend warrior now man 😭😭😭😭
My life changed when I hooked up my Meta Quest VR to my PC to play Microsoft Flight Simulator. It blows my mind every time I play it.
Now unlock all achievements!
My brain
Haha, you're welcome
Demoscene! Trackers! Soumisaundi!
You mean like a 3D model from a video game?
sounds nice...question though...whats getting enough sleep like?
Which 45GB landing strip is this?
Doom
Fucking lightning dodge…
World of Warcraft
Go back
I went full out on my rig back when the game came out, not just for it though. It was cool to show the power of my PC but I just got bored by the game. Screenshots are nice anyways
Supported, yeah. It has a huge user base and you don't just give up on that because a new console comes out. PS4 is still supported 2 years into the PS5.  But the dropoff in sales of a console tends to be pretty sudden. Most people who want a console don't wait more than 7 years after it's released to pull the trigger. 2023 sales will likely be ok, especially due to BotW 2, but noticably lower than past years. 2024 will be vastly lower numbers, still not nothing, and probably still better than other consoles have done that late into their life. Nintendo is going to want startup the sales of a new console by 2026 at the latest, considering limited supply in the first year tends to mean low sales up to year 2 or 3.
I took from the title that he is looking for some **adult only** "role playing" games, I didn't think WoW had servers like that lol
and that dude probably drinks a 6 pack of mtn dew a day...whats his teeth like?
Nintendo has never released a $500 console. However Sony’s PlayStation 3, 4, and 5 have all exceeded $500 at some point. So you can play masterpieces like Sackboy!
It's really not, though.  The idea of NSFW tag is "If someone was to see this image on your screen in a crowded bus or for 1 sec when they walk by your screen at work, would they get a weird idea or possibly misunderstand and create an awkward situation? Yeah? Then NSFW tag it is. This is viable for porn, not actual porn that *looks* like it might be porn, joke commercials made to look like porn, injuries, weird images that might look like porn (ex: that famous image of the lamp + shadow that looks like a butt).  The fact that you, sitting at home, don't feel like you need to be warned about titties or broken legs but you want to get a warning before seeing someone get his legs blown off in a war is irrelevant. "NSFW" is a warning for anyone browsing reddit in public.
I prefer out-game screenshots
Man had good memories of the mask back then, seeing it now tho feels really uncomfortable for some reason
Like, that's cool, but all the matters in a video game is that it's fun. Pilot Wings is fun.
Ik
Yeah so I think people are sort of conflating two separate events. Triss in the books used some sorcery to seduce Geralt simply because she wanted to know what it was like to have what Yen had. Later she takes advantage of the amnesia.
The post propels the karma in the comments. Shake n bake
No, that's not what R&D is. That doesn't even make sense. I won't even keep responding because you're just wrong and you just keep repeating the same thing. Enjoy blissful ignorance. Peace.
Nice
I've been a console gamer all my life. Bought a gaming laptop weaker than ps5 over a year ago and a ps5 about 6 months ago. I barely touch my ps5. I only bought ps5 for FFXVI because I couldn't wait for a pc release date.
r/screenshotsarehard
Not everyone is attracted to women and it's okay but you don't have to be a bitch about it.
Caesar 3 open source ports - Julius and Augustus
You were definetly in a bad area.   I turned it on in the intro sequence in kaer morhen standing on the balcony looking at the beautiful mountains in the distance and it made a big difference.   Like...the mountains were flickering. Turned it off immediately and i have absolutely no desire to test it out again anytime soon.
Tedious is a great way to put it. Kind of feels like a big list of repeating chores to complete
Maybe that they do, but are skilled enough to not accidentally kill their Minecraft dog
Nintendo is already working on a successor, and like the last 2 consoles before it, will not be as good as everyone else's console graphically. Nintendo saves money by lagging behind, makes more money classifying their consoles as toys instead of electronics,  and because they know their first party titles will drae peoppe to them. Honestly, Nintendo is being smarter, but not trying to be the most graphically powerful.
If you dont like the power of the Switch then stop playing games that are available on other consoles on the Switch and leave Nintendo to do what they do best - exclusives
Wait a sec, does Fortnite now actually look like the image below now or is that just a well edited Image?If yes then hell do I need to try it out again!
Got any actual evidence for that claim or is just the correlation of two separate events you've observed?
I would suggest checking out Xbox GamePass. If you play Flight Simulator over streaming there is no initial huge download and you zip through all the updates.   There is an insane amount of data to deal with for Flight Simulator, but they keep adding cool stuff like F18s and helicopters. I think someone made a mod to add boats or boats are coming. I haven't been following closely.  I just check in on it occasionally.
Looks like an in game screenshot
Wow and it only cost $400+ dollars extra. Decades later and it’s still just about graphics for some people, and not gameplay. 🙄
Geralt loves her dirt path
I play only in single player mode, helps me unwind after work. If I had hard day and needed to do some overtime I sometimes lack energy though.
I could've sworn that WAS a rule or thing people always did at some point. But I stopped seeing it happen some time ago.
I feel the same way OP. HADES was a game that made me excited again. I highly reccomend it. Though it's not multiplayer is a nice community around it.
Ye
To add to what everyone else said: they have essentially every airport in the world, but the more obscure ones are just auto-generated. Like, it’ll have the correct runway/taxiway layout but the buildings are just generic. However, they periodically release free world updates which improve on certain parts of the world and the airports there. Also, they have an in-game store where you can buy third party world add-ons.
These low effort posts should be scrapped. No details from OP about settings, the game name, etc.
cope.
It’s PSVR2 exclusive
I don’t mind either but there’s a place and a time and it’s never the same for both
Even then they might ask you to take it down still. You just won't get fired for it.
I love hearing stories like this from people around your age...i dont ever want to stop playing.
Binding of Isaac Repentance
The only game where it made a noticeable difference is Ratchet & Clank on PS5 - that game is full of shiny and reflective surfaces, and showcases and utilizes raytracing really well.  Edit: to answer the question on the TV, yes, you need a large enough TV to see the smaller details. 4K allows for really large screens and I was playing on an 85" Sony, which looks great, but sadly 4k120 and VRR is botched on the TV's chipset and downscales the image to 1080 vertical pixels, so it kills the whole purpose.
You are literally frothing at the mouth, honestly do some self reflection on this one, I’m not even going to read this deranged rambling of a comment. You’re not well.
No, that was always my point. That's why I said 7 years in the first place. I knew the chip came out in 2015. 2015 to 2022 is 7 years.
Less for how it works but I really like the Will magic system from Fable. I first played Fable 2 and I truly love how the use of will physically changes how your character looks with the glowing blue lines over the characters body.
Currently only (officially) PSVR2
With a full time job and two kids, I get very limited game time.  Competitive games just aren't fun when you only get an hour or two to play at a time so single player and uncompetitive games are great.  I do like to jump into a few games of Rocket League, but I get quickly tilted if I try competitive modes.  Lately I've just been playing on a new Minecraft server because it's so easy to jump in and out.
PSVR2 has built-in eye tracking 😅
I cringed
There it is...couple tall boys and one or two shooters and i dont give two shits...im in the zone.
Man, tbh I generally wouldn't mind paying for online IF nintendo would also give you an actual GOOD and USEABLE internet service.          But I'm not accepting paying money to get a shitty/cheap peer 2 peer Multiplayer that lags like shit when trying to play mario maker online, shit was unplayable and I aint payin for that lol
Because this subreddit is fucking garbage and has been for years
Surely you can’t be serious
This game was awesome holding up in helms deep against multiple computer armies was fun as hell
If you had fun, awesome, can’t deny that.   But great in a game where every side quest is the same in each region just varying what specific item/person you’re collecting/saving. Eh, my man come on.  Not sure where this “my opinion is unassailable because it’s my opinion” thing came from. That’s not how discussions work
Egg?
gamer fuel is so good...or pre workout.  LIterally legal cocaine.  I can hear my hair growing when i drink that shit.
No I'm saying sometimes people use the NSFW tag to meme. Not this post specifically.
Who upvotes these shitposts?
This isn’t obvious to me lol
Women are tired of the same jokes being told since the 1920s. Get new jokes that are actually funny.
I complained about this on a post with a spoiler once and got downvoted like mad. Y'all gonna post a spoiler for a game and NOT PUT THE GAME IN THE TITLE?? COULD BE FUCKING ANYTHING
here's the differnce between people who can function and you. we don't need a woman beating human trafficker who thinks it's cool to drink bubble water to tell us how to live. we have meaningful friends and significant others allowing us to form healthy lives and relationships. you incels who pay to call someone top g because you lacked any meaningful father figure in life and can't seem to think women just don't like you it must be everyone else's fault will never be a desirable friend or partner in life and the only thing you have is your bubble of other incels sniffing your own farts until you decide to hurt others for your own insecurities. instead of actually working on yourself in any meaningful way. cope
inscryption, it’s player paced, and is easily playable without needing multiple hands
How can you outsource your masculinity if the main chracter is a woman?
Have you reached out to Starlink?
I can tell because the lights are all actually working lol
My problem is I get tired within hours and just have to stop gaming. Back in the day I’d be in over 12 hours or more. My old body I think must get tired from the intense energy it takes to game lol. So sad
Capcom: "The next female antagonist will be ugly as sin"  The Internet: "I'll do her!"
Least horny redditor
Magic in DD can be described in few words. Strategic, versatile and impact full. I hope it stays like that in DD2
You can have NSFW filter on and still see titties **when you want to** by clicking on the posts? You guys are really overthinking this shit.
Incredible, you look so much like what the Yennefer character should be that it seems like she was based on you rather than the other way around.
The sub is to big for any real moderation like that. People have lives no one wants to or has time to monitor this sub for millions of screaming children.
Yes, and? Like, that doesn't look particularly impressive. It's really cool how they made it from satellite maps, but without that info it just looks like your average 2010s game.
It wasn't outdated on release *for a handheld*.
Not posting the name makes people come into the comments and ask "which game?" And that makes the post appear in *hot* longer. It's basically a karma hack by making people mildly upset.
Yup. Past decade has had the same problems every year.
Outward has a pretty unique and fun system but not the best. You have 4 sigils that you cast and different combination of sigils cast a different spell. So you need to remember each combo if you wanna be good at it. its pretty fun imo and honestly the game is critically underrated
I audibly went “fuck off” when I read the title, this is impressive
Power nap and energy drinks/gamer fuel are the key to success my good friend.
It's worth it to mention that flying a plane in a flight simulator requires a minimum of a stick, pedals and a throttle, so you'd be in like $400 before even starting anything.  Then you might find out, like I am, that flying with pedals is really unintuitive to someone used to driving a car.  Supposedly it'll give better control when you master it though.
I'm such a sucker for classic 8-bit or 16-bit style graphics with modern animation for more complex and smooth movements than were possible back in the actual 8-bit and 16-bit generations.
The PS5 and Xbox have amazing graphics .  They blow the switch out of the water.  Fortnite isn't even a great example .
If she is interested in me she’d find me regardless. At least this way I potentially get a booty call in before a horrific death.
There are literally hordes of people who have no sense of self and would post stuff like this too.  You really don't have anything other than assumptions that indicate this is "primarily" the case even remotely. It's just what it feels like which is fair, but it is not real lol. Not everything that exists is some weird nefarious attempt at sneaking you into thinking about something lol
with mods
Time to play the classics.  Singleplayer ftw.
In Titanfall 2 being able to jump forward and backwards in time. I loved that level.
What a silouette!
Lmao dude quality over quantity doesnt really apply if ur playing games at less than 60fps in 2022
(ง'̀-'́)ง  ^^Edited, ^^thank ^^you
Use Steam Achievement Manager if you feel like it. Steam Achievements are beyond worthless.
Nintendo needed a new console like 5 years ago. When the Switch came out, it was already outdated.
 Not fn fn is just free
Thaumcraft. No I'm not joking.
Never modded on reddit so not sure how difficult this is, but I've seen other subs have automod set up to pin a comment saying "OP please reply to this comment with the name of the game, if you don't within `X` time your post will be removed".   That way it's technically automod adding the custom flair so that the user can't edit it afterwards.  Just thought I'd suggest it.
Sounds like people just need to play it to save it.
100% this.   I **almost** didn't buy guardians of the galaxy after my experience with Avengers.     I am soooo glad I made a different choice.   It was a fantastic game with an engaging storyline.
This sub sucks and is only there to laugh at what shitpost people upvote
Yeah, it absolutely is and you can tell, too!
I mean you're still a fucking psycho if you follow a bunch of porn subs and you got titles like "skinny petite princess gets fucked by massive cock" scrolling across the screen as you casually browse reddit on a crowded bus lmao.   But yeah for subs like r/unexpected or r/ThatsInsane where some content is NSFW but 99% is totally fine, you just don't open those NSFW posts in public or at work. Seems like a no brainer.
Helsinki Vanta?
They nintendon’t
 Resident Evil Village will go into virtual reality, on February 22nd!!
My 4500 hours in EU4 says no
It's the alt.swedish.chef.bork.bork.bork of DLC!
After clearing the various storylines, you can interact with the rivals more at the school the way you do the teachers. Including getting to visit their rooms.
This almost by itself is keeping me on the fence about moving to the farm...
I've always wondered why they called it stock and not lives
I know it sucks for games that need high refresh rates, but with frame generation on the 4000 series the fps on Flight Sim seems to be go up to about 2.5x what it was on the 3000 cards.  People are getting 180fps flying around in the hardest to generate places, like NYC.
Battlefield 2042 on launch was one of the messiest badly designed games I’ve ever played.
Wizard of legend or Magicka. Everything else is meh.
Game Of The Year 2017  Game Of The Decade 2010s  99% on Metacritic
My parents were always very against me playing videogames. As an adolescent I used to work weekend and holidays at a local farm to be able to buy what I wanted.(commodore 64 era).  I moved out when I was 19. But As a result I struggled all the way through my twenties with a feeling of guilt when playing. I only got rid of that feeling around 30yrs of age.
🤤
Skyrim
More or less.  If it's a notable airport or notable location, somebody has painstakingly modeled everything to be as realistic as possible. If you're at a random location though you'll see "generic office building structure #2". Which is to say, anything not handcrafted has been assigned a generic model by the software according to satellite imaging -- so you'll get a good approximation of location, size, and usually shape even if the actual in-gane structure looks nothing like the real deal.  Also note that there are thousands of downloads available. If your favorite plane or airport isn't in the base game, chances are someone else has made it and will sell it to you for $5
To the end of my days, I will never u understand the 'ew, girls are evil' mentality that permeates gaming culture.
No ports on the modern Wii’s, unfortunately. You need a 1st edition one if you want the ports built-in. My house found that out the hard way in college when we had to replace our Wii and couldn’t play Smash anymore. We promptly returned it and bought an old one.
Excessive amounts of coping going on, guessing things aren’t working out for you so great.   You should give him a listen and maybe you wouldn’t be so bitter and miserable.
Scarface has something similar , but you can't dive underwater, shark could only eat you when you're swimming for too long
I'm rather impressed with Flight Simulator's realism, but I do feel like I would have been able to pick out this was game footage (obviously I'll never know since I went into it knowing what it was)
I could tell it was s game based on how unrealistic the trees look
Dont click any links etc - its a bot/scam
Because they are too bad at online shooters
Outward is very good in exploration and travel logistic.  But combat is meh and except main quest are there no real quest (only fetch and deliver repetition) .
Correction: 6000
It's very much a tale of life isn't it. Sometimes those you care about pass on before you and there is nothing you can do about it.
Oh yeah. That one slipped my mind. That one looks great as well. I don’t think it has as many airports as flight sim thought. It’s much more focused.
If you're in pc, play some sim games! Total war, civ, frost punk, planet coaster etc
New Andrew Tate Duck Walk DLC coming soon!
Geralt looks like he’s been in Serbian prison with those scars
I can see how you would have been confused. The eye tracker or whatever it is that makes it look like a true first person perspective really makes it feel authentic.
I’ve thought for years this sub should force you to flair or put the game in the title. Idk why it’s never been addressed.
Weird. One playthrough 7 years ago was enough for me. Absolutely 0 replay value. Great game though.
I wouldn't believe it if I didn't play Flight Simulator myself
Is this achieved with (HD)mods or just the game itself?
Just think. In a few more GPU generations, us budget gamers will be enjoying this level of detail, too
I live in a pretty rural area but I don't have speeds that bad good luck dealing with that
And money 💰
If I were the witcher and had to choose, it'd either be triss, or more likely Shani. HOWEVER it seems with Geralt's personality and interaction with Yen, that he's really into Yen.
Wind's howling.
I rarely complete a game, as I like to leave it open in my mind
you've been cucked by a dime a dozen douche because you've been fucked on the brain department. not only will you be forever alone you will never be able to hold any meaningful relationship in life and i genuinely hope you know it's not everyone else around you it's just you.
Then there's me with Integrated graphics.
You can play with my dick by your mouth, takes no skill
That looks so real it’s wild
Fight simulator 💀
Spoiler tag?
I played it through once, it was pretty good. Combat shines for sure but the narrative took a slight hit. It was still a fantastic game though
Is sure it pretty but at distance a lot of games can look really nice
One thing you do NOT want to do is just push through the sick feeling in a single session.  If that feeling comes on, it only gets worse if you stay in.  Key is to play for a bit until you get that feeling and then stop.  Wait for that feeling to subside, and only then try again.   If you play a little bit every day your brain (or at least mine) seems to desensitize a bit and after a few weeks or months you dont get sick anymore.
You're only referring to one example. But again it is exactly how it works. Live service games are a special case. And you're implying that your opinion applies to everyone. People like you can not like it, and it can still be great.   Shenmue sold terribly but is regarded as one of the greats. Bayonetta is also a cult classic that was a flop. Movies like hurt locker won Oscar's, but were massive sales flops. Blade runner and blade runner 2049 were both massive flops.  I know I'm talking into an empty room because you're only going to have the opinion that what you think is the only correct opinion, but there are some things that are objectively fact.  One of those is, a game can be good, yet still flop commercially.
DCS World is cool and all but doesn't look anywhere near this good from a graphical standpoint, which is what is relevant here.
Not gonna lie, but I picked up an Xbox Series X as a Christmas present for our son...mainly so I could play this game. It doesn't work on our Xbox One so, of course, we needed an upgrade. 👀  edit: And I just finished the installs and updates on it yesterday. Soooo, of course, had to play for a bit. It is as awesome as I was hoping!
If only we were told which game.
What are you lol'ing at ?
So do i except i got the newest xbox and the last gen ps4 pro and i have no problems switching to the switch
The actually look pretty cool
It’s time the ps5 was a mobile gaming platform.
Go Outside, that's what rural areas are for. Get a snowmobile and a dirt bike.
Elden ring doesn't deserve game of the year...or any awards, really.
I can’t imagine how expensive that PC must be to get that setting, Fligjt Simulator is intensive no matter your setup.
That's not true. There are games that run at 60 FPS with ray tracing on these consoles. It just depends on the game.  And I'm pretty sure Microsoft Flight Simulator doesn't even have ray tracing on PC.
Better than a gorilla marketing team though. From a business point anyways. Probably more fun, but don't expect any work to get done.
Probably Vice City
Destiny, might not be the most flashing but i just find it so interesting the powers light and darkness can possibly offer you in there, and since ive been playing it from very early in d1 to this day it just gets better
kill them with a gun <3
\*OOH A-A-A-AH intensifies\*
Even looking closely it's surprisingly hard to tell it isn't
Hahaha yeap but at least a few do agree😉
Ooh interesting about the look! I’m from Canada but my grandparents owned a cabin in Montana and I spent every summer there growing up. When I played 5 the environment was an absolute nostalgia bomb for me and I thought it was absolutely gorgeous. They nailed the Montana look. Even without the nostalgia it’s a good looking game. But I get where you’re coming from, tropical/jungle locations have a great in game look.
Say👏the👏name👏of👏the👏game👏in👏the👏post👏title  This should not be the hardest concept for people.
The UHD4K ass is by far the best thing ive seen, havent left the room.... im uh... loking for easter eggs....
for me that I've actually played probably tiny Tina's assault on dragon keep.
I like jumping into Death Stranding, the gameplay is pretty relaxing, especially the endgame.
Sarcastic?  The trees give it away that it's a screenshot from a game.  There are multiple copies.  And all are the same general shape.  Also, it doesn't even look like they are planted in the ground.
Ahh gotcha. I stopped after those two. Will try again, thanks!
Naah, depressing is each time seeing "GoW vs ER" moronic thread.
You mean Microsoft crash simulator?
I think achievements that are there only for, say, doing X thing 100 times are silly and unnecessary.  In fact I find achievements to be overrated in general. What I like about playing a PC game from GOG is that I can just not use Galaxy at all, then I don't even know what the achievements are, or get any popups for them. It's more fun that way. You can just explore the game without having to check boxes.  I've played Witcher 3 several times, and have 0 achievements because I never play it with GOG Galaxy open. And I like it better that way.
You also do for PlayStation right?
So make it like /r/gamesale and have it in the post title.   "[PC] [Flight Simulator 2020] This is an in-game screenshot..."
I greatly respect your choices of games
500 comments that are some variation of "Oh, I love this game!"
Imagine being some nerd on Reddit foaming at the mouth over some hilarious Internet personality.   Cope.
Who else would keep the Mole people in line?
Gaming mods realised their sub would grow and have more "what game is this" engagement  if they stopped enforcing that community rule.
It was time to release and upgraded switch years ago.
Lmao nice one. Did you see how they released Skyrim? They ain’t gonna do jack
Ok, actually, that's based answer
Shani bae is best bae imo. I'd burn it all to the ground for Shani, but then she'd be mad at me for doing so.
Why she is looking at me
Control is tucking terrible.. refunded on steam and got my 5 bucks back lol
Horizon: Zero Dawn is a really terrible title for a great game.
Could have fooled me.
there are many reasons. hence me saying they almost had something lol
Ya Geralt needs to hang dong
DCS World is always what comes to mind for me and was the game I thought this was. It’s a hyper realistic military flight sim. All the buttons work in every single plane to the point that you are actually learning to fly the plane as if it were real life. Takes about a month to be competent in a plane but once you learn the plane in game you would be able to fly the same one in the real world.
Agree with God of War
haha the incel ass loser who got suckered into calling a douche top dog is telling others to cope?
Aint that a fuckin cold place?
The only posts I’ve seen about the Witcher 3 recently have been posts about sex and nudity.
No the mask is green in the comics
I’m certainly biased because of the memories tied to it. Objectively it might not be the “best”
Because why should they? If you want to know the game, ask.
You’d be surprised, in CA there’s still some places that are just getting manageable internet (10 MB/s up from .5 MB/s).
That's probably more due to power creep than anything else, admittedly i didn't really play much when the DLC characters were about.
Facts
the coolest feeling was upgrading your ship to one with a more spacious cockpit and suddenly feeling like you had so much more *room.* even though i was obviously in the exact same place, it just suddenly went from feeling very cramped to almost luxuriously comfortable. really got me hooked on the possibilities of vr and how it can make you feel like an artificial space is your actual space.
Hell yeah
100% it will
It's cause the the Devs were slack updating the game. Far too slow a start.
Magic was basically an afterthought in Witcher 3. I barely use it other than the shield spell.
It's been stickied as the top comment since before your comment, so...
Does it make it harder to find?
On the contrary, the trash talking has been reduced by it. In my case where i main healer i dont get the "you suck at healing" flaming directed at me anymore. Most of the time, like 95%, i had the gold healing medal, yet idiots started flaming me for not healing, and when i said i was the gold healer they either didnt care or didnt believe me. It was especially bad when i was moira, on which i had way better healing than other heroes, i guess if some mouth breather saw me do dmg to recharge my healing they immediately got mad and flamed cause they thought i only did dmg, but they so conveniently didnt see when i healed.
 SimSafari was my jam back in the day.
Falling order has good combat, but a terrible story and progression
> terabytes of info  IIRC this sim breaks into a petabyte if you include all the data held server side
>NGL the idea of someone remaking the original mario incorporating a smash like moveset would be fun as fuck Great  concept OP!  Replied to wrong comment
nah it had players try it, it just wasn't fleshed out or in depth enough. hence my point of they where so close to having something.
Starlink?
NGL the idea of someone remaking the original mario incorporating a smash like moveset would be fun as fuck Great  concept OP!
Diablo Immortal has 0 pay to win to just play the game.
It does but as some of the other people said nsfw is a bit overused on reddit
I think it's overrated, but still a very good survival game with good combat and puzzles
Games are where i go to unplug, decompress, and relax.
I play it in VR almost every day. Now that they got the Top Gun update, you can also fly in an F/A-18E Super Hornet or the SR-22 Darkstar. Also, Microsoft offers the Pelican from Halo!
I never really got into WC, but there was an adjacent game called Freelancer (I think) that I quite enjoyed.
It’s not just after work, I’m willing to bet you’re just transitioning to single player games. We’ve all been there. Comp games just give the same exact dopamine hit, over & over again. It’s tiring.
Stealing your GPU
OP is 12 years old
It's not too wide.     NSFW stands for Not Safe For Work. It's not meant to be a tool to censor specifically what YOU don't want to see. It's meant to shield you from ANYTHING that would get you in trouble if someone glanced at your screen at work.
To be precise to the other poster, an AI interpreted the satellite images and created the map using premade game assets (trees, buildings etc) for most of the world it just a "best guess" which is streamed live from their servers. It's really really good, enjoying myself since release.
I really wish they actually finished this game and didn't leave the plot unresolved after what felt like 50% of a full campaign.
Pro gamer move: take pic of screen with cellphone instead of a screenshot.
Umm.. you misspelled Super Mario 3
that is indeed how it works. if it was compelling the people like me would have stayed. everyone left because it wasn't quite good enough. saying that's not how things work in video games is asinine.
Not disappointed by the comment section.
Crysis lookin good
And I still cry today when I complete it again.
Get outta here with that heathen word.
Get Starlink! Problem solved
Cyberpunk at launch for me ran just fine on a 2070
Sounds like you have more of a problem with the definition of "subtext."
"The guards here are vigilant."
This is a pretty valid opinion. I really enjoyed playing Outward.
Yo Dragons Dogma! Good taste. Too bad tou won't be able to use any online features.
You can tell by looking at the trees.
Depends on where you draw the line for game. But tbh, I'm having trouble finding a line that, at least this sim, doesn't pass.  MS Flight Sim has various trainings and challenges, which are scored and have leaderboards. It has a massive open world (well, the literal world) to explore as a sandbox. And it's a form of media many use for entertainment during leisure time.
Looks like I’ll have to get a vr headset
If they release the model. I'm not going on the internet any more.
BuT ItS PorTAblE!!!
It used to be a straight-up rule that was strictly enforced once upon a time.. don’t know how we got here.
Hosted boobs up ahead
Good for you
Yeah. Those are the tutorial levels. I should probably make that clear. The next one is a bit harder, and the daily challenges too.
Can you really compare the two though?
Tetris
“Which game” is my reaction to almost all the posts in this sub
Call me a dinosaur, but the ultima magic system was really cool.  You have reagents with "properties"  You have magic words.   You have a mana pool.  You prepare the reagents to have a spell ready.  You then cast the spell. Using mana, and the spell.  It added a lot of depth to the game.
*Only* for those wondering? 😅
HOTAS Warthog is a pretty popular one right now (at least in the DCS community). It is an A-10C replica, but I think either Thrustmaster or a third party sells kits to change it to be more like other airplanes.
Exactly! And like is the average switch user ready to sell their switch? I’m sure not. My backlog is gigantic now so I could care less about “the switch can’t run modern games” I’m still on games from 2018. Unless you’re a no lifer that literally only plays video games all day, there’s no way you could’ve possibly run out of games to play on the switch.   I get it sucks not having extra computing power, but if you really want a next Gen experience, you can always buy the 200$ Xbox series s to hold you off. Which is what I did lol. Idk what else to tell people lol
All the old dudes know it’s Lord of Destruction for Diablo 2
The satellite images are the texture for the ground and an AI looks for streets, houses, trees, bodies of water and creates a 3D representation of it.   At night you can even see streets lit up and cars cruising down them (if you are close enough to the ground).
Cope
SNES' mode 7 wasn't true 3D.
How else are we going to see dong physics in action?
You're comparing a mobile device to a fucking ps5
Just play xenoblade or Zelda instead
Kawasaki Superbike Challenge (SNES).
Dropped at the wrong time imo.   Came out around Fall Guys/ Among Us, and had to fight against Warzone, Apex, and the rise of Tarkov..  So yeah, it can be a great game, just dropped at an atrocious time.
I wasn't ready
pirhannalight
The majority of a flight is done by the plane itself. Takeoff and landing are all that requires a pilot.
Did they finally get around to making the clouds look better in VR?   Last I played a month or so ago it was pretty meh compared to MSFS in VR. DCS had some some bad ground cloud shadow issues on Caucasus map and they overall looked like large bunches cotton of balls at that time. Didn’t stay long though as there were still years long bugs with the SC that irk me, so maybe I missed the good cloud setting? But I really would love to go cloud surfing in the Tomcat especially after taking the F-35 around the semi-improved MSFS clouds that came out a patch or two ago.
This.  Anything where you're sitting in real life *and* in the game is much easier on your inner ear than something like Boneworks.
That's not how it works. Just because something is good doesn't mean it's successful. Think of how many amazing albums are out there that no one's heard. How many movies are incredible but were financial failures? Same goes for games. Great games don't always have the player base.
Is the next gen update even noticeable on pc? Serious question I didn't try it out yet.
r/MenAndFemales yeah
I have a job that doesn't usually wear me down.  Problem solved?
> That is not true at all,   You're welcome to articulate your opinion, bud.  > you played one sequel afterwards and tried to make assumptions  So you think I need to have played every game after to have an opinion on them. YT and gameplay videos exist y'know. I got bored even watching the a friend of mine play it with me sitting beside him. I'm not gonna waste the little time I get playing the copy-paste formulaic games to have an opinion on them.
Thanks, I'll scratch it off the list of games to try on my laptop.
Dishonored
AC: Valhalla after you've played AC: Odyssey
It can be.
EA is the perfect example of "same shit, different day"
Witcher 3 by far!!! I've tried to get into this game about 12 times over the last year or 2 because of all the rave reviews this game gets. It starts soooo slow and the combat is soooo terrible. I even was "tricked" into trying the next gen update and it was still terrible.. Oh my gosh.. never playing this crap again..(untill they start promoting the Witcher 3 Remaster/Remake in 2024 lol the fanboys will probably trick me again ha ha)
wait they exist outside the internet? i thought they were just a myth /s
Where are the rest
I believe it kind of is. Flight Simulator uses satellite imaging and then ML to render the image in 3D, if I’m not mistaken.
They have everything. It's amazing. It's hard as shit to fly a plane though but I kinda get the $$$ spent on those simulator rigs now.
> … I guess this might quickly add up to the price of a small airplane…  Funny story. In 2020, with the world shutting down, I set off to build my dream flight simulator. Once I got everything figured out and priced out how much it would be, I just went and got my pilot's license instead because it was cheaper.  Now...I don't like Flight Sims anymore....they don't feel right anymore and to build a sim that would feel like I want it to would cost even MORE money. So, I just keep flying the real plane lol.
Its weird that you feel the need to make a Reddit post about something so mundane.
Adult mods are comming omg!!!
that's the problem of license hell. We're going to get a lot more of those cases in the future.   EA lost the lotr rights to WB but bfme is still an EA IP.   So EA can't sell it because the license for lotr games is held b WB and WB can't sell it because the game belongs to EA.   And EA can't even give it away for free because of the LOTR and more importantly the LOTR cinema license.   This is a mess.
https://youtu.be/3UAOs9B9UH8 part two is about it, part one is fun too
Ahhh true. Although, $20 CAD for more than double the bandwidth is pretty good.
For those wondering about this comment: https://youtu.be/pd25BsLbtJ0
Wtf I thought this was some AI drawing or somethin
Based on other posts, I assume it's not a Switch game
Yeah it takes some time to get used to the general gameplay when coming from newer titles, no to mention the complete lack of waypoints (not a negative, really made it fun figuring out where to go based on landmarks). Graphics can be improved via mods though.
Does it run on windows 98?
Y’know… that might be it actually…
Hey! I’m a happy horny guy!
Yikes dude, I have like 70 MB per second download on steam, I would cry if I had speeds that slow.
"... straw that broke the *Cavill's* back."
You no enjoy booba?
I think i remember somthing similar in a womble video if im not mistaken
FFVII
Is bannerlord worth it these days ?  It took so long between when I played the first game and the release of bannerlord (the release of which was not stellar) that I lost interest in it.
This game is very CPU hungry too so investing into a new high end CPU is the prio. You should be fine with only (lol...) a 3070 ti. 50+ fps on ultra 2k easy. This game needs to be played on atleast 2k monitors.
Enabling completely custom flair opens up another can of worms that can be difficult to manage with a sub this size. Currently, we generally only add post flair to inform users of a broken rule, or something similar. While in theory I like the idea of having users flair their own posts with the name of the game screenshotted, in practice reddit has seen weird flair abuse in larger subs that allow for it. Things like intentionally deceptive flair, editing flair on a popular post to advertise something, shitpost flair, etc. At that point, it’s no different than the post title, itself.   Which goes back to the idea and suggestion of requiring users to always identify the name of the game in the title when posting a screenshot. That ends up being very difficult to enforce, and is a pretty sweeping change for any user who posts, but doesn’t read the rules (which is like 99.9% of people). So ultimately that would just result in mods removing an insanely huge amount of content, and probably pissing people off. (Imagine getting a post to the top of the front page, only to have it removed because I said “hey, you didn’t tell anyone this is God of War.”)  It’s honestly a tough problem to solve, and most suggested solutions come with serious downsides.  The one nice thing is that the community almost always has each others’ back. When a game isn’t identified, it generally only takes a few seconds to hop into the comments and find out what it is. And if you already knew what game it was, you can just collapse that comment and keep going.   However, for posts like this, I think it would be great for the mods to try and sticky the name of the game at the top of the comments like above.  Anyway, sorry for the long post.
The switch is goof in its own right yes it does need an upgrade but it succeeds as is
Was the mask green because they needed green screen?
Same, and it's such a no-brainer rule.
As long as the mods didn't enforce in the rules no way people would sadly
Tell me about it, I been trying to 100% binding of Issac since it came out. Every DLC pushes the goalposts further and further
Sure, you can plan, you can still play. Usually an hour here and there just to unwind. It’s that typically videogames lose their importance compared to working to put food on the table and keep a roof over their head and then get home and get that life settled on top of it. OP talked about being “competitive” in gaming which is unrealistic with all the other responsibilities adulthood bring typically. Unless you’re part of the small percentage making enough money doing it to provide for your family.
Oh sweet, I love Minecraft. 😐
I was obsessed with that game
That's 101.98 cad, so much more expensive.
Nah man it’s Europe and my job isn’t even hard it’s easy but still it drains my energy
Empire Earth for sure!!!
I have thousands of hours in my favorite games. Do what you love and don't worry about it, as long as you are maintaining yourself and doing what you should in RL.
This is so good, I thought it was a CGI picture.
You’re actually trying to say that since there are different categories for NSFW, we shouldn’t blur any of them? Wtf kind of statement is that
Wow, that would have gotten me, too. Thanks for clarifying
Wow, that looks like my library of installed games. I also have Diablo 2 and Torchlight 2 installed as well 👍🏻
lmao you are such a wuss
I liked playing Moira, i only trash talked when i had gold healing AND GOLD Damage.
Time for people to stop whining about graphics they wouldn't care about otherwise.
That’s wild. Thanks!
Man, playing this for the first time when it was released after years of playing mass effect over and over and over was quite an experience. Literally felt like hanging out with old friends.
True enough, especially as the "expanded narrative" bit already happened before in a different form. One rather old JP-only Phone Game also had a Sapphire Weapon for example, so it's entire possible that SE might bust out some more.
I’m a completionist but I don’t rush through the story. If anything, I take even longer.
I feel like no one will know this old game but “Treasure of the Rudras”. It’s an snes game by square that I’m not sure if it was ever released in the west. Basically you can create your own magic by entering in a name for the spell. The name will auto generate a spell, it was super fun to try and tweak a name until it became a powerful spell.
Looks so real.
Ahh, yes, "reasons". Ok, thanks mods, that sure cleared things up.
That look cool af
I feel you 🥹 they did us dirty.
Magicka and Spellbreak are the games that have come closest to nailing the feeling of playing a wizard.
bring it to the runway 💃💃
Are you American? Thst country doesn't really provide a lot of freetime for people's hobbies. I would get a special job setup in the future as a goal.
Are you actually saying that this isn’t NSFW? Wth are you on about
Bitch, lasagna
Wow,  the new season of Lucifer looks interesting.
It's kind of synonymous with what mario finds after beating Bowser.   "Sorry subscriber, but your money is in another castle"
If you enjoy something and it’s not causing any harm, why feel guilty? Life’s too short. Do what you like.
This is a great but the first one is my favorite, the voice overs and campaign were just so fun
$75 USD for gigabit fiber here
playing on vertical monitor?
Yeah. My bet is that DD2 will have co-op but also keep the pawns. If you're playing alone, you've got your main pawn and rented ones, if you play co-op with two players, both players will only have their main pawns. At three players and above, I think there will be no pawns. But that's just a prediction.
So when did he spend 250k on his CPL?
Id let her do whatever she wanted with the undead or whatever it was, if i could just tap it one more time 😩
god i can't believe people still talk about this human trafficker so many incels
My favorite Fallout is New Vegas, I didn\`t see Fallout with the game world worked out so well. The best game story award in my heart goes to this game!
That’s the thing. If you’re playing a flight simulator game, there’s really only one. Nothing else comes even remotely close to Microsoft Flight Simulator. Well, maybe there’s some military spec sims out there that are better, but probably not.
Top comment alarm 🚨
These are so well made and do not get enough love.
Her grandma's a cockblock though.
What is your point?  Just letting Reddit comments upset you while being obtuse?
you're such a tool lmfao
Nice house in the beginning of the runway, wonder if people live there
At least you haven't paid $12-20 per month for 15 years to play said game..
Imagine giving two shits about this dipshit and his shitty takes.
Microsoft Flight Simulator ‘95
Hear me out...  Scribblenauts
You're taking an odd amount of personal offence to his comment but he's got a point -- giant downloads are a norm nowadays (especially for incredibly detailed sims like this one). Dude wasn't gatekeeping you, he was just saying you don't seem to have the attention span or maybe the capacity for delayed gratification to handle the ever increasing file sizes of new games.
That arm sweep attack usually wipes my party to begin with.
 K
[Is this Battlefield or COD?](https://gfycat.com/PeriodicGoldenAfricangoldencat)
Check out VKB. Solid hardware for a good price.
I have actually bought the PS5 twice, regretting it both times, mostly cuz none of my friends have it, I end up using it only, as a webcam stand, playing on it, only a handful of times, but yeah, it's very individual, if you will ever use it or not.  I will not buy one, atleast until the price drops a lot :)
What game is this
Don't forget to shoot 48 ravens randomly spread across the world!
All you have to do the get people talking and excited about your game is to be creative and not design it to look like every other sci-fi fps. That's all they did. Be a little different then the 2000 games that all look like they copied and passed each others designs. Pretty simple really.
If you’re focusing on graphic power I suppose. If you’re more interested in the pure fun games provide then they’ve had plenty of solid consoles. For example,I had a blast with my Wii. Metroid Corruption was awesome. Mario Galaxy was one of the best 3D platformer Mario’s. I had a blast with Wii Sports, as did my entire family. Twilight Princes was lots of fun and I sure as hell had a better time playing No More Hero’s on my Wii then I did my PS3. Imputing those wrestling moves frantically with the swing of my hands. Not to mention the fact I sure enjoyed the price tag of my console being nearly half of my PS3. As was the physical size. Super easy to pack up and bring to a friends place to share in the joy.  You need high fidelity? PlayStation, Xbox and PC have got you covered. Just looking for classic accessible gaming fun? Nintendo is your answer.
Nooooope. $60 is replaceable. Time isn’t.
I got so lucky!  In northern Virginia,  I got ~30Mbps via microwave satellite to a tower.   Moved to an even more rural area in Pennsylvania and to my surprise,  there is cable internet. Off peak times I get up to 800Mbps, peak times, 300-500Mbps.  I couldn't believe it!    I liked the home & property so much, I had forgotten to even look into internet access ahead of time.  Talk about lucky!  Have you looked into Starlink? I had one on order before moving,  had to cancel it.  I've seen between 30 and 300Mbps posted in the Starlink subreddit.   r/Starlink
Mass Effect  Maybe not the most intricate, but being able to bend spells and abilities around cover, and creating combo detonations is one of my favorites.
Epic.
Would've been funnier other way around.
Tried it, noped out fairly quickly. It's pretty but the substance is just lacking
When has comparable graphics ever been Nintendos strong point? Next it’ll be a meme about the lack of online services is killing them.
Tate is a tool and pos
Achievements and trophies and 100% game completion numbers are specifically used to manipulate your brain.
That's fucking wild!
I was skeptical when I read the player had to land the plane after defeating all its passengers but I have to admit they made it work.
It's the modern day Crysis. And I'm here for it as a simator enthusiast.
It was a YouTube short. [This one.](https://youtube.com/shorts/dA0rJBfeRzI?feature=share)
Rarely
I will never stop playing Total War Medieval 2
Yaya what I wanna know. Dk if the reply I got was /s or not
It's actually pretty complicated.  EA owns the games.  Middle Earth Enterprises (formerly Tolkien Enterprises) holds the exclusive rights to The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings.  New Line Cinema, by proxy Warner Brothers, owns the rights to the movies (and movie related games).  EA had a license agreement with New Line Cinema to publish games based on the movie IP, which ran out in 2009.  They also had a license agreement with Middle Earth Enterprises to publish games based on the literary works, which ran out in 2009.  The latter is important, because the sole movie IP license agreement wasn't enough for BFME.  So the rights to the specific games are with EA, the rights for games based on the films are with Warner Brothers and the rights for games based on the books are with Middle Earth Enterprises.  It may just not be worthwhile to sit those three companies down at a table to discuss the rerelease of 18 and 16 year old games.  What's even worse is that the Tolkien Estate sued Warner Brothers and Middle Earth Enterprises for misuse of the IP, which was settled out of court in 2017. So in the meantime neither WB nor MEE was very keen on working on re releasing the games and who knows what the settlement looked like.  The good news though, is that Embracer Group, the parent company of THQ Nordic aquired Middle Earth Enterprises this year. So they may actually have an interest in buying out the rights for the games from EA, if there is actually any financial value left in them. They could use their exclusive Hobbit and LOTR rights to force Warner Brothers to give them a license agreement, or they could forego it and just make LOTR games without the movie IP.
It’s a losing battle. Not naming the game generates more engagement since you then have to interact with the post more to find out what it’s from and then complain that it wasn’t pointed out from the start.  The algorithm doesn’t give a fuck about your happiness or well being and your upvote/downvote is a small part of what makes a post “successful”
Mirkwood archers yep
I feel like the only person that despises FF9's skill system. Say you find a piece of gear with a really useful skill, like immunity to poison, and you want to give that to your main party of 3.  Assume it's going to take about 15-30 battles to fill up that exp. bar and get that character to learn the skill so you can equip the gear to another character, and do another 15-30 battles.  I spent a couple hours running in circles outside of towns trying to catch everybody up with current gear before I realized, "this isn't fun. Why am I subjecting myself to this?" (Btw, Lost Odyssey does this too, but it's a bit less egregious.)  Will probably never finish the game because of that mechanic, and also because the most powerful magic (blue) is locked behind the worst character design ever conceived.
Is my memory correct that there were online servers where you could play a version of the film? starting with hobbits running away from ring wraiths? There were certain events that needed to happen to progress the narrative like Gandalf dying to the Balrog.
I don't believe it was ever required, or if it was it didn't last long. I've been browsing this sub for over 10 years and have been hearing cries for that rule the entire time
The quarry
Just started up Ixion, so far so good!
Suomi perkele
It sure as heck ain't X-Plane
This sent me down a rabbit hole. Now listening to the snoop dog remix of riders on the storm from NFS Underground 2
Winds howling. \*Shudders
I played until they shut off the lights.
100%. I think it's great to be excited and to even praise developers who are open and willing to share progress step by step during development. but hailing a game as an industry changer before it's out is so fucking stupid.
Nooo he's triger dropping, Kiryu will kill him 😭
It's not my fault!
I’ve never seen such a small library before. I’m so used to scrolling though my 300+ games that I’ve never even touched lol. Think I’ve got a problem…
It would be good
You're right about the DS, my mistake.  I know they experimented with a bunch of stuff before, but those were peripherals, not the main controller or the actual console. The Super Famicom controller was more of a progression from the Famicom controller. Compare them to going from the GC controller to the Wii controller; it's not as big of a difference. With the Wii, they established that motion controls would be a major component of the gameplay (not all games used it, of course) rather than a simple gimmick that only a handful used. In contrast, both Sony and Microsoft dabbled in motion control with peripherals, not a main component of every console.
Looks pretty but that approach bar being wrong gives me anxiety
Top dog always spitting facts
Forgive me, but the strangest thing to me about this scenario is that you were watching this video with the understanding that it was a real plane landing. That you only afterward saw a comment pointing out that it was a video game leads me to question why you were watching it in the first place. Not trying to be an asshole, I'm genuinely curious
Ah the classic nudity factor. You ramp it up to draw in views in the first season(s) and then ramp it down. GoT did the same
You must incite additional PARGONs!
If you figure out the name I'll try it as well!
r/girlgamersvent for posts specifically like this one.
"Engagement" is the technical term, but 100%
Try out satisfactory too
Yeah single player only, and can't put in the long hours any more.   There was a guy at my work that used to play world of warcraft in a guild doing (I think) high end raiding though. So there are people who manage.
Cory and Trevor on their way back with chicken chips and smokes, let's go.
So you're looking for something like Goldshire Inn on Moonguard/Argent Dawn?
Vice and doom
Physics is just laws, and laws are destined to be broken.  (This is a starship weapon upgrade in No Man's Sky.)  (>!And yes, I know it's all a simulation.!<)
Praising games that aren't out yet is literally destroying the industry
That's me with cold war 😆
Pilot Wings N64
Elite Dangerous in VR was the first gaming experience that lived up to my childhood dreams of future games. So amazing.
Any Strategy game like Hearts of Iron, Victoria 3, anything made by paradox or turn based.
Dozens!
Gran Turismo can be light on textures and fall flat. Forza Horizon 2 would be a better example.
I’d also believe it at eleventh glance tbh
If that ever happens to me I’m quitting 💀💀💀
Most games don't use ray tracing well enough for it to be worth the hit to performance. I personally don't bother
What is this meant to mean?
I’m interested to see what Elden Ring pulls off. Given how long it’s taking(been 9 months already), it’s going to have to be the size of Blood and Wine to not be worth the wait. For me.
I freaking loved PsiOps growing up. Psychic ability is close enough to magic haha
Lots of sad and horny guys on here.
Aight
God of War: Ragnarok
4.) Magicka     3.) Wizard of Legend     2.) Path of Exile     1.) Irl D&D (unfair advantage due to unlimited reflavoring and not being limited to graphical realization but to the imagination of the user)
The lighting is excellent
Xexex, xezyz, remember me (ironic i know), rise of something, final fantasy, rererereleases, putting numbers instead of letters (driv3r), the same name For different games (Castlevania on nes, sharp, n64, ps2, gba)
Slay the spire, kingdom two crowns, slice and dice,
Blatantly wrong, plus there is cost associated with producing a more compact device.  This is the most baffling fanboy rabbit hole I have ever gone down. You guys are huge mad about the Switch, lmao.
Lmao yeah me and my girl play fortnite together and she saw how much better the ps5 was and now wants sell her swith and get one
What's wrong about playing the games you're enjoying?  I have over 3k hours on Factorio and I don't plan stopping anytime, if anything I'll probably play the game for like 5 more years
You should try… going outside. Pretend you’re on your own merry RPG adventure! Only in reality!
Thanks. Nearly every post in this sub is like the punchline to an inside joke without the setup.    Shockingly, not everyone has played every single game ever made. Titles should be a requirement.
if they did it wouldn't have failed lol
All these kids still trying to get all the achievements just weren’t sufficiently traumatized banana hunting in DK64.
That's the real issue. All of the people asking "what game" need to be asking what graphics card.   I've got MSFS2020 and it doesn't look anywhere near this good.   It's still good, mind you, just not 'real life' good.   Hopefully I can get a new rig too (and some VR goggles) and then I too will be spending days in this game.
The wind is blowing …in my pants and I can’t stand up in class
Sounds like people just need to play it to save it.  Quick! I'll call 2 friends, you call 2 friends etc..  lol
Terminally online snowflakes.
Swatting flies?
Unfortunately, the amount of time I spent tipping strippers to flash their pixelated titties has Duke Nukem winning my most played game on that list easily
I never got VR sick, but sometimes I'd start feeling... weird. I think it was from cranking the headset on tight so that the screen stayed in focus.   However that first week after I got my Rift I would sometimes stagger when I was walking around the house or in public. It was weird! I looked it up and (paraphrasing) it's because your brain and balance center stuff in your middle ear is rewiring itself. I can see why folks say younger people should limit their VR time.  It's been a couple of years and I don't feel that way anymore even using VR infrequently, so it does get better!
I don't like fortsand, it's fortcoarse and fortrough and fortirritating - and it gets forteverywhere.
Heh.... Boobs...
There's a physical release of Terraria?  Had no idea.  That's neat, but considering the "price parity" you just mentioned I can't help but think the lost sales due to the higher cost of the digital version has to balance out the sales generated by on-the-shelf advertising.
To r/girlgamers you go
Thanks for your advice on what I do on my free time for recreation. Maybe you can gatekeep something that might make a difference though. But again, maybe that's what you do on your free time for your recreation.
Tyranny was fun, and had a learning curve.  You had to mix parts to craft your spells, it gave a nice diversity
Or is this just fantasy?
Elden Kink
I don't know, there's something about having to wear a bunny hat of destruction +10 and bootylicious hotpants of protection plus 20 that's hilarious.
Sure is easy to make it look like a photo when it's compressed to hell and back, hiding all the detail lmao  Something about those shadows near the trees looks off too...
Let me put my conspiracy hat on for a second and say maybe it's because it drives engagement with comments?   Same idea with posts with misspellings and whatnot being intentional.
Boo imagine if like Xbox or Playstation required this! Absurd! /s
VR Duke > VR woman
Hahaha the prices are in DKK. 369 DKK is equivalent to 53 USD today.
ambatukam
Slay the spire. Rougelike card game. Very fun no precise inputs required
To add, Disco Elysium is a fantastic game and playable with just the mouse.
never :)
They *did* have something.  It was a great game.
can you not
The wii had motion controllers, the wiiu had a second screen, the switch is a home console on the go. You being defensive doesn't mean it's not a gimmick.
Thriving in a sea of hentai.
Because the reach of mobile phones worldwide would far surpass the sales of a cheap plastic handheld console. They’re charging big money for tiny old games, if they did that for mobile they would be rolling in cash. They could even continue to produce the switch for those brand loyalists, but opening up the market to a broader audience would be a bad thing?  I never claimed to be any sort of analyst, I’m just saying I think their console is shit and wish they’d release their games on mobile. You’re the one insisting you know they company better than anyone and assert this will never happen. And you’re defending a crappy phone from 2014 masquerading as a console that hold any relevance 2022. It’s a shame
Not only with where the story is going, but considering that according to the lore they're basically the earth's antibodies, I suspect not only will we fight them, but that we'll either see More of them, or beings related to them in the expanded narrative.
The only two types of instances of ACNH online failing I’ve experienced in 2 years is when one of the people has an unstable internet connection or when too many people are on an island at one time. Both of which are known issues and can be avoided.
This honestly looks more high def. real than real life.
It’s not obvious.
It's not obvious to me-- thanks for adding to the problem!
I don't know every game, so couldn't tell you. There could be a whole subgenre of flight games I'm not aware of.
Bro you’re comparing a hand held gaming device to a full on console, obviously they won’t be the same.
You can play this as a game, yeah. You can turn all the actual simulation/realistic settings off and play with a controller just to meet objectives
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
One of those shitty websites asking for consent on any possible cookie and info access, giving you option to accept all but not reject all.   Immediately blocked this site so I don't have to look at it again.  Can someone give me a rundown on why it's a game changer?
Can confirm. Satellite internet sucks. Viasat has been better than hughesnet, but it still sucks.
> Microsoft Fight Simulator  Nice to see Microsoft invest so heavily in such a realistic fighting game.
Quite a few do with mods.
Dark souls 3. It was my first souls game
That doesn't work for every boss mind you I'd dare anyone to try it against renalla or godfrey
Game informer use to be the only way I knew games were coming out. Never had internet growing up.
It's actually a lot worse. CP2077 ran a whole lot better on my RTX 3070 than this next gen TW3. What in the hell did CDPR do??!!
I’d go with RDR2 and Dishonored 2 personally
Not really, they know exactly what they're doing and still have a huge market share despite not being in the competition for best performance.  Maybe it's just time for you to buy a better system.
It sounds trite, but I find that keeping a regular schedule that includes getting enough sleep, eating healthy, and exercising is the key to having enough energy to engage in my hobbies.
I play on switch and the grass sure as hell doesn’t look like that
I played it. Honestly, Ghosts doesnt really have that good of a graphics. Its beautiful mostly because of the art direction. The graphics are just good but not spetacular
Guess it’s time for another play-through!
Ah yes, all store screenshots are concept arts, no gameplay, game about to come out.   This sure as hell doesn't smell like shit
You mean like God of War: Ragnorok?
Probably because people have been asking it to be a rule since the inception of the sub but mods are useless as per usual so everyone is tired of hearing it.
Käydään snägärillä jälkeenpäin.
People complaining about the price of games these days don't even know that we had to pay $369.00 for Donkey Kong Land 2 on GameBoy.
Less graphical clutter gives you the advantage.
This comment reminded me of the Hall of Tortured Souls in Excel 95.
Nintendo should just make two consoles. One for handheld shit, and an actual powerful one.
Tetris
When living in rural Manitoba I’d load up while in Winnipeg for work. Get home and have my personal Netflix storage drive. Games too. This is the way when downloading in Kb/s
No total war Warhammer 3, weak
Switch games biggest hurdle is that physical releases need to be at a certain cost to justify making them at all so they are usually high because of that. The Switch tax. AND Nintendo mandates a price parity so that digital costs as much as the physical. Between those double whammies you end up with a $30 release of Terraria.
Fancy Portable Stick
Skyrim cuz I can mod it into oblivion
Pretty much this one.
No dont want them
This is the dumbest fucking shit I've ever heard in my entire life. For one, the Switch is far more powerful than a fucking Raspberry Pi, it's not even close. Secondly, you unbelievable fucking moron, THE RASPBERRY PI IS BARELY MORE THAN A FUCKING CIRCUIT BOARD. The Switch is an entire god damn video game system.  Holy shit, how can you POSSIBLY be this fucking stupid?
I was trying so hard to be polite before in the hope that you might actually listen and learn something and develop a better understanding of the world, but my god, you really are just an astonishingly stupid child. And it's obvious that you're a child because the standard you've apparently set for what would make the Switch "good" is literally impossible given our current technology. We cannot make a hybrid console that both has the processing power of a PS5 while having the battery life of a traditional handheld like a Game Boy or DS. That technology literally does not exist. It either has to be a home console that's constantly plugged in, or it has to be incredibly underpowered so it can actually be portable.  The Switch is **not** meant to "replicate home consoles and handhelds." It's meant to be a hybrid. It is a balance between the two. Striking that balance means being considerably more powerful than a traditional handheld, while not as powerful as a home console. It means having less battery life than a traditional handheld, while still being infinitely more portable than a home console.  This is called a compromise. And the fact that it's one of the most successful consoles in history strongly suggests that compromise appeals to a lot of people. **This does not mean people are "wrong and like bad things," you big fucking baby. It means that "good" is subjective and a lot of people like something that you think is "bad."**  The fact that you continually think you can argue that something is factually, objectively "bad" strongly suggests you have serious emotional issues. Stop.
What is this incel shit
Persona, not even close.   GameFreak are the worst, cookie cutter, most uninspired company ever and I hate them with a passion.  They hold the arguably best and most longstanding IP in videogaming and they consistently put out the lowest-effort games imaginable.  Hell, most ROM hacks of emerald and RPGMaker fangames have more depth, story, and quality to them than the mainline games.   I am not a Pokémon hater at all, quite the opposite, I absolutely love it! They defined my childhood and I still replay Mystery Dungeon every couple years. Which just makes it sting even more that this franchise so full of amazing potential consistently recycles the same stale, braindead easy to play, overdone formula.  I pray daily for a time when another Studio gets the rights to create a true triple A Pokémon game, and doesn't just shit out more uninspired shovelware just to sell this generation's trading cards.   True, beautiful open world, a deeper story than "toddler beats incredibly incompetent adults and saves the world", and more interactive gameplay. Imagine how grand this would be!
Fantastic.  Man, Sony is dropping the ball on that front too.
Its not bad directing its a technique used to save money, its very well known and they do it to save money on cgi intensive movies or shows
Never played this game yet. Am I mistaken?
..what is this absolute shit?
Orna is a pretty cool RPG, kind of like Pokemon Go you can walk around with location on and it is a turn based combat, you choose a class and then you can upgrade it (there is a class progression kind of thing), you get items from defeating mobs, there are raids, pvp, etc.
Touch grass.
Ps5 turning on RT causes flicker issues with LoD volumetrics. Hilarious cause it's the first big shot of the game out on the balcony. Party mountains.
I've made posts in subs that have the flair selection and you're able to type in custom flairs. For this sub it just says "unavailable" so def. some setting on y'alls end, but should be easily doable. Or just requiring [game] should be easy enough. So many other subs have title requirements and their automods seem to handle it easy enough, don't get why this sub is so staunch against it.  Homie above is correct, if you scrawled the comments on this sub probably 99% of posts that get above 100 karma have a comment "what game is this". It's pretty ridiculous.
I have a pretty strong stomach, for example I don't get car sick even when reading. I don't usually get boat sick. But some of the vr games when I first started definitely made my tummy lurch. But yes, overtime I got more used to this sensation, and now I can take a plane, do barrel rolls and flips, and I'm just fine.  I've heard ginger ale helps.
are you new to reddit?/internet? it's clockbait. it makes you come and interact to get the full information
Oh, I totally forgot her, I wish CDPR had made some changes in order to romance her (Ik we can romance but that's very short and we can't choose her in the end ) she was too smokin hot hehehe 🔥 You have a very good taste, kudos 🥂
You guys get mbs ?
It drives activity on the post. Kind of like when people post a video and purposely get the name of an animal or car wrong to drive comments to correct the OP.
Idk, maybe they share 1 tv and when they’re both home prefer watching tv? Use some imagination
You can find more about it at r/outside
You’re correct  Andromeda improves it even further but no one talks about that game
Unaware or don't care.
You have never played a battle Royale like fortnight then, you get to kill as many as you can 😁🤔😎
While the chance is super duper low, I would laugh if the Fight ends up not existing in the Remake.  Emerald, Ruby and Diamond weren't fightable in the original japanese PS1 Version, so there is some precedent to be had, but then considering what the Remake's actually about, there's just asmuch reason to say they *should* appear.
OP is a bot do not click the links
But why flaccid models?
Capcom :  "**IT'S SUPPOSED TO SCARE YOU, WHY ARE YOU ALL HAVING BONERS !**"
HD titties
Damn those Minecraft RTX mods are getting real good
There's a reason this gets 30fps on a 3070.
I don't know
A lot of it looks plastic like storm trooper armor. There are a great many ways to make it look metallic.   I get it’s a plot device to make the armor and the environment seem fresh, clean, and untainted before the “creation” of Mordor. But my chief concern with the series is the plastic armor. Being that I’m a big time history guy and know a few ways to make plastic look like metal
the NSFW tag also covers as a NSFS tag too
Where external battery for 60 dollars on amazon?
how can you say that about a game not out yet lmfao
Callisto protocol.   It can be okay as a game. It looks incredible.   Sadly it’s let down by an awful combat system. I think I am literally on the last boss fight at the moment and I just can’t wait for the game to be over.
That’s the ILS landing, isn’t it?
He looks like he's about to ask for the Real Slim Shady to stand up.
I don't know if it counts as magic system, but I really liked it in Infamous 2, they throw lighting and ice so i guess it counts.  It was really cool, you needed to use the karma system (by being a hero or a villian) to be in a new tier to be capable of unlocking more powers, you unlocked new powers by playing in a specific way and making fun and non conventional kills.
TUON MAKKARAT
LMAO! This has to be Rust! The worst of the worst of so called human beings 
Yeah I thought it was funny lol
Genius
Single player. I had to step away from Rb6 Siege for my own sanity, and i started to enjoy gaming so much more.
Tom Clancy’s End War has voice command
If that's going to push you away for six months it's time to sell anything gaming related you own and give up.
Welcome to rural life. We even pay extra and run out of data less than halfway through the month for high speed. We can't do any online gaming. If it's not slow speeds, it's super lag.
I think Xbox makes a controller for that lmao
Yeah. Early 2023. But the wait times are unbearable so i stopped playing. Such an awesome game
What the
I want to like it but these barebones animations and general graphics just ain‘t doing it for me
Cool. Just like normal windows... only worse.  Fun idea for 5 minutes, until you realize you've got crap on your windows that's obscuring your view.  Yes, I am super fun at parties!
I think Xbox makes a controller for that lmao
It's an older meme, but it checks out.
You only notice when you look at the physics, specially particles physics like water splashing
You will notice if you need glasses while gaming or using phone etc.
Steam deck. Especially if you don't own a gaming PC. If you do own a gaming PC id go with the monitor.
You haven’t played it, have you?
Thanks Guess i gonna Jump a bit on Google earth 👍 
Vice city
Hmm, seems like you might be right, since my transaction history shows that I bought it for $4.99 during the Summer Sale less than 2 months after it was released.  I highly doubt it was 83% off so soon... crazy that it's 3x that amount on Switch.
Gotta think about the logistics of this, but I agree that screenshot posts should be readily identified. If I'm not mistaken, post flair needs to either be made beforehand for the submitter to choose, or a mod needs to manually create a new one and then assign it. Both options are pretty difficult for a sub this size with posts so frequent, though.
Tyranny
Honestly, loved KH: Chain of Memories means of putting together spells and skills. It required a different kind of quick, critical thinking, especially in that gauntlet of boss fights in the end game.
That looks so real ypu could probably start selling those for a decent amount make money dude lol
play both and see which one consumes you
Thats called astigmatism and you get it from a number of things, mostly for me, age and staring at tubes in my early gaming years.  But yes, with age and degenerated eyesight, many games now resemble IRL vision.
at first glance i believed this was a video game
Watch OP plug a link to where you can buy this.   Guy's been doing it all day now. Goddamn dropship scammer.    Stole an account, padded it up with reposts to seem legitimate, and now posting products that can pass of as posts.. all so they can plug their dropship scam.
Tell me this is not PSVR exclusive like RE7
Take a look at Bannerlord, Michael!!
I find competitive games a waste of time as it is troublesome to have same reflexes as young people. Also those kind of games can t be paused.  I prefer single player games, but usually play on Saturdays. I stay 9-10 hours in front of the computer for job so i picked up board gaming for relaxing my eyes during the week and on sundays.
It had a heart attack because it did not win game of the year
Such a great [soundtrack](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAA9BB4B3A9A0E516) too. I listen to it every once in a while.
I was years ago in a manga club (which kinda evolved into manga and gaming club) and we did a lot of pop quizzes! They're pretty fun and you can make them easily with Kahoot. If you throw in some prices it can be even more fun.  Movie nights were pretty common too. Since it's a gaming club, you could watch movies based on different games (doesn't matter if the movies suck, that's actually encouraged since you get to make fun of them together).  We also had visitors who'd talk about different things like board gaming, costume making, LARPing etc. None of our visitors were famous in any way, but people seemed to still liked it a lot.   If I remember correctly we also sometimes cooked things from anime and video games. That could be a bit different, but fun! Everyone gets to decorate their own sweetrolls lol
Mario
this is what I want to know
As if I didn't have nightmares before! Fml
I feel like the guy at Square, who's in charge of that particular department, must be one of those Molyneux-esque airheads. He probably thinks to himself how creative and original it all is, while no one under him (the 'traditional Japanese way'..) dares to tell him, that all 'his' games sound like gibberish from the frothing mouth of a fever dreaming meth hobo
Armored Core 6: Fires of Rubicon. Subnautica: Below Zero. Monster Hunter Rise: Sunbreak. All released in the past year
The weapons breaking was never a problem for me throughout my entire playthrough. Weapons were EVERYWHERE. I never understood why *that* was the “dealbreaker.” Unless people just like to complain because they aren’t very good at thinking.
You outright said the deck wasn't designed for it. Steam supports it, it runs great, and there's NOTHING about the deck that says it couldn't or shouldn't run windows.  It's a preferential thing. You turned the discussion into the Steam deck wasn't built for windows. That's akin to the argument of your desktop/laptop PC's being "designed" for windows. Linux would run better on your PC too... It's a preference, not a limitation of the hardware.  Also, you choose to say performance emulating switch isn't as stable... while true for some games it's drastically improved on many others. You're exaggerating facts to try to make a point and people just called you on the fallacy of your position.
The best system for yielding to none
Is satellite internet an option?
That's already been true for [a long time](https://www.neogaf.com/threads/crysis-vs-real-life-screenshots.124537/) (if you find the right pic)
FS2020 has an install size of like 130GB. It's insane how much of the world is modeled. IIRC the game also streams in satellite info (more graphical geodata as well as current weather etc) so there is legitimately terabytes of info available for it.   That being said, you need a monster rig for it to look as photo realistic as OPs photo but my RTX2060 runs it fine at 60fps with some stuff turned down.
 Giant mommy milkers!
Godammit, Eternal Darkness is a masterpiece! Nice to see it mentioned! CHATTURGAH
No that’s Divinity Original Sin 2
*Cantarella
Mix of vice city and pro skater3. Also love to see mist what a lovely series.
i already have done that but he didnt really tell me if i should wear my glasses while gaming/using my pc or not
With a nice chianti?
They said they had a reason but forgot to mention what the reason was.
Hey OP. For what it's worth I live in Houston Texas and mine looks about the same... Our internet speeds are fucking garbage
I think it's Fortnite?
Oh! I LOVE THAT!!
Wish I could say Dark Souls
Make sure your router isn't bottlenecking your speeds. I was using a router (Linksys WRT54G) from 2001 until I upgraded a year ago. Went from 3 megabytes a sec to 30.
One law, one fire, three air.
Except he wasn't talking about mods
The window cleaner inside of me just died a little when I read this
I thought it looked strangely like 22L :)
ahhh, i did not know they changed it to a relic. thx  I got the joke 6 years ago. lol
Good lord can we ban these stupid "cosplay" posts from this sub?
TIL! Thanks I didn't know that either
Why worry when you can buy a Steam Deck?
Dumbass OP for not mentioning the game title. We are not stupid, we know you didn’t mention it to increase engagement. Fuck you
I’m not your buddy, pal
Same. Never played it, never wanted to.
That has already been modded so far, in the regular game.
Don't forget the special place in hell for the games that hide content behind dlc, paywalls, lootboxes or anything else that takes a ridiculous grind.  Thats the elephant in the room here and these are the people they're getting to.  This might have been where it started but we're not talking about finding all the packages and rampages in GTA 3 lol  It goes from extras to extortion, tailoring games for the X% that will dip further into their pockets.
Yall are really gonna disrespect my girl Keira, huh? Dont blame you, takes a certain man to deal with that kind of crazy.
Sometimes it’s not even for the points, only to get an intrusive thought out of your head
Oh yes. He learned it from me :-)
I want to land a cesna in front of my house now.
YES! How crazy was it to do things like “summon boulders” and then “summon tornado” and send your combined rock tornado at enemies?
Genshin Impact’s magic system is just normal chemical reactions, it isn’t good at all, nor is it creative.
Skyrim's ambient tracks
Genuinely had a good laugh at the landing part
Bg 2 .. nothing feels as epic as killing bosses with chaining time stops and meteors using alacrity
Die Hard 2
You’re not alone. I feel guilt because most people have to go out and find what makes them happy. All I have to do is sit down for a few minutes and download it.
Well….shit
Fornite
I have some cell phone games that look better than games on the Switch, which is what should be used as comparison here. Ps5 and Steam Deck blow the Switch out of the water which means they make terrible examples. Lol!   The truth is, they skimped on graphics and power to get the price down. At the end of the day the Switch exists to sell us Mario and Pokemon games. Breath of the Wild is probably the most you're going to get out of it graphically.   It would be great if Nintendo would release a Pro version of the Switch to compete with Steam Deck, but it's just not gonna happen because the switch still sells well and Nintendo Execs are rolling in Pokemon money right now. There is zero reason for them to make a better console.
I just thought he really liked cut-offs
True. It looks photerealistic almost on a good rig. And the XSX is only $500 USD.
1000 but its honestly not that much if you sell everything you find on the way. Can be done easily. The pirates are a bigger deterrent but even they are manageable at level 3.The biggest deterrent is just the sheer amount of ma markers that offer you quests on the way.     Also getting to novigrad over the normal bridge costs some money new players would probably not take the swamp route.
saatana perkele
Usually too much repetition will lose me. As much as I like Celeste, Glam’s Incredible Run, and Milli & Greg, after awhile the extreme platform precision coupled with the same repetitive gameplay has me trying something else. I still like that genre though.
I understood the joke 5 years ago.      I did not know they changed the rarity of it to a relic, as someone else pointed out.  this post is super vague.
There are dozens of us!!
Fanta Pepsi Sprite
Abso fucking lutly not. You prepare, you think and you plan ahead. Of corse things go dideways, ofc you can't think of everything. But if you lose every single minute of your time, you were not ready to go. It fucks you over if it grows over your head.
There needs to be a more useful comparison for devices that have to drive different displays though. This was the whole philosophy behind of Xbox’s series consoles (in theory, at least), they have the same relative power given their target displays, ie: if a game runs at 4k on series X, the series S theoretically has enough horsepower to run the same game at the same fidelity at 1080p.  The steam deck only has to drive a 1280x800 display. I’m running Callisto protocol at the same framerate as PS5 with similar fidelity settings (minus ray-tracing, but the steam deck should handle software global illumination like lumen in Fortnite just fine).
They added a lot of content.
I love me some good ol' bobs
I got way more into blitzball than is healthy. I discovered that if you could get the Jecht shot, Volley shot and recruit both Brother and Blappa to your team as forwards, you become pretty much unstoppable. It got to the point where I could trigger the slaughter rule before halftime.
I played the game when it first released, and there was a good few days before the online community started posting magic combinations, so you actually had to just experiment (which when you’re just starting out is hard because earning the money to purchase spells/runes is tough.) Sure, you can still play “blind”, now, but before the META were online, it really felt like you were discovering it with your character.  Their use of “sigils” (placing magic circles on the ground) that react differently with not just magic spell, but other classes’ actions, was unique. Shoot a bullet from inside a Blood Sigil and create a leeching shot. Kick inside an Ice Sigil and create an AoE of ice
Hijacking. So can you fly most planes even small ones?
That's pretty impressive
Layers of Fears - Which is a successor to Layers of Fear. Just with an 's' added.
Least horny game mod
Add a time for casual gameplay, it’ll be more welcoming to newcomers.
Who would’ve thought
Splitting the family plan with friends makes it even cheaper
Do you fight on the runway or mid-flight?
But seriously, loving the setup!
Tetris
Common item? Does she gives keys out to all the witchers?
This reminded me of the hoops we had to jump through with HR when I worked for a hospital IT department. WE had just deployed a new version of the webfilter  and the various Genital cancer and sexual health clinics had requested access to sites and papers related to to those topics.  the HR drone was so offended by  the unsexualized nudity that initially I was punished for daring to do the normally required research (visit the site from a computer that doesn't have the web policies applied, to print off a sample of the site to be approved by HR)  for that request while still at work.  These were cancer society websites that provided information for patients how how to do things like self exam, or research papers that contained images of genital regions that had cancer,  and images/gifs of MRI results where things like nipples or testicles could be identified. I got written up for it, and the request was denied, until I explained what happened to one of the surgeons, and a couple of the doctors that requested it. they spread that to  management, and between political and media related threats, I received an apology, the writeup was torn up and redacted, and the sites were approved to be unblocked.
 No time to be scared when there’s titties involved
Just don't buy Nintendo products if you want a modern console experience.
It has Geraldo Riviera in it, and naked women. You can see the conundrum, here, I'm sure.
I didn't know that coop tidbit, but that makes perfect sense. The pawn system iconic indeed, but whether they'll actually manage to keep the enemies off of you while you're chanting is a gamble, to say the least.
Internet in my hometown was like that and I am so happy that I moved to a big city with many ISPs, I chose one with gigabit speed.
thanks for the explanation!
It really does though. I started my ps5 playthrough yesterday. Game looks great!
Lost Magic for the DS. Drawing symbols to release spells and mixing them to create interesting combinations felt really personal and brought the mage or wizard archetype to life for me.   The only other thing that comes close to that now imo is playing Invoker from DOTA.
This one also pulls in flight data from across the world. If you knew some one was flying from Australia to USA you could find their plane in game and fly along side them, it's pretty neat
Oh that's fair enough then
Minecraft on realistic? Damn it has come far
You can just block users and you'll never see their posts again. It changes your front page drastically.
Is this a joke? Lol you just did the same thing. I had to dig through the comments to find that’s it’s Microsoft Flight Simulator.
If you cant see well go eye doctor.
Shiny entertainments Sacrifice
I'll keep that in mind. Thanks man :)
😏
Two Worlds 2. The magic system was like the only saving grace that game had.
This is the (run)way
I agree. So many good spells, you can even combine 2 dual-wielded spells for 1 stronger spell.
Looks like something from the early 2010s
When I was in college, our gaming club met once a week to just hang out and play Smash/Mario Kart/WarioWare whatever. No tournaments or anything, just whoever wanted to play tagged in/tagged out when they felt like it, or if we had more gamers than controllers, we just kept a list and cycled through so everyone got their turn.   It was a great way to keep everyone in the club active and involved, because even if we were busy with other stuff and couldn’t commit to anything that was going to take several hours/days/weeks, there was always time to drop in for one or two matches.
Even if it is a simple system, i love the mass effect powers and interraction between powers. Nothing is as satisfying as pulling someone in the air and blowing them up into space. Simple enough to be easy to use but complex enough to have many paths and combos possible.
Is this possible?  Whenever I’m playing a game that has me moving around, I start to sweat and my heart starts racing.  I really want to combat this, but I always figured I was just susceptible to motion sickness or w/e and am basically SOL.  Did it take you some time to get comfortable with it?
My guess is they want to appeal to a wider audience. Although gaming has grown a lot in the last decade or so, there are still a lot of people who'd rather watch a 45-60 min episode once a week than play a almost 60 hour game if they want to experience everything. I know a few people who'd probably enjoy GoW but because they dont play games, they wont be able to experience the story. And the game beeing a almost perfect mix of cinematic storytelling and action gameplay it would be easy to adapt as long as they dont deviate too much from the source material.
Peter Jackson's King Kong: The Official Game of the Movie, or PJKK: TOGOTM for short, agrees.
That's what I actually assumed by screenshot. Thanks for confirmation.
Thanks, that’s the info I was hoping for to decide what I should gift myself for XMas soon… ;-)
Fellow rural internet user here, feel free to reach out if I can help, I have a lot of experience with residential LTE based internet, I ran that for years at my house and got 20mb down even though the tower was 8 miles away and through a plethora of forest. I have DSL now and I get 90mb down, soon to get fiber from my employer in a couple of months, I’m totally getting gigabit!
Who said there are any gents left?  \*cue The Twilight Zone theme\*
Microsoft Flight Simulator
Kingdom hearts I guess
For me I don't always have the energy to play games, but  I am not big into playing games alone. I get bored with them too easily, but that is mostly due to me liking FPS games mostly and being competitive with those. Games for me is sometimes a way of relieving the stress of dealing with the stupidity of people using technology that have no idea what they are doing. But work is definitely an energy killer.
A flight simulator. That's all I knew. I didn't know which one though.
Guess Geralt's having a good time.
Kenshi maybe? But if you're not used to the brutal start you might end up breaking your brain too so not sure if that's a good idea.
The solution is to avoid popular.
Mass effect hands down. The first game will be hard to get through because of how old it is but the story is s tier. The second is the best by far and the third is also very good. Do yourself a favor and play them
So many times I see a screenshot of a beautiful landscape, and everyone already seems to know the game, so no one mentions it in the comments.  Usually end up scrolling for like 30 mins to find out what game it's from...
I remember people saying this 20 years ago
Exactly! I'm too old to spend all my time keeping up on every game release. Just put the game in the post title. Fucking zero effort action but the big brains in this sub can't manage it.
Take it with you
F for op
T-Mobile home internet is solid and cheap if you have decent cell service where you are.
Lmao tell me you dont live in the middle of nowhere without telling me you dont live in the middle of nowhere
Nope, I just checked and I’m still hot
Forza horizon 6 looks nice
Yup. And I was the one asshole that started with the bamboo pole instead of the club because it was cheaper.
For me knifey won’t latch on to anything but the wasps which makes it broken cause I can’t wall run or ascend to the next to last boss gight
I can already see Markiplier playing this and going "Now that's some respectable power" while motorboating her then saying "Amy please don't watch this!!"
About the key? It used to be a common item, implying lots of copies exist, now it's a relic.
Jeez,  all of you are making me want to replay this. I played it twice through when it came out on ps1, haven't touched since. I still have a ps1 AND a the same original game I bought 20ish years ago, might have to dust them off.
It’s not exactly magic but why are y’all sleeping on the Bioshock series
Everyone else: \*either scared shitless or just uncivilizedly horni\*  Markiplier: R-e-s-p-e-c-t-a-b-l-e P-O-W-E-R!
this is the exact reason why comparing these two consoles to me is not apples to apples.   Compare a switch to an iPhone because those two have the same intent; handheld gaming.
Cave Story, Diablo 2-3, Borderlands, DMC4.
You need to cosplay Liliana from MTG
My personal favorites so far:   - 東北大學未來科學技術共同研究中心川島隆太教授監修 大人的DS腦力鍛鍊 , aka 'Prof. Kawashima from the General Research Center for Future Technologies at Northeastern University: Supervized Brain Training for Adults on DS', aka the notorious 'Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training'   - Various Daylife ... (yes, that is the NAME OF THE GAME)
I believe you highly overestimate the intelligence of a Reddit mod
I bought the game when it first came out and due to variety of events had to put it away for about a year. And when I finally had some time, I thought to fire it up and play... But nope, mandatory 115 gig update... I ran the update and that was about 6 months ago. I should fire it up again and see what the next mandatory update is...
My brother, Yen already knows.
Nope, Steam. Try running it in DX11 mode, it defaulted to DX12 for me which did not run.
Kind of. There is christmas break now (2 weeks), and he deserves little break. But the game need to be really engaging.
FPS  Hard to play mmos casually
Can you make magic happen and add a flair/tag requirement for the new year where we attach game names to all posts?  "What game is this?" is probably asked way too many times on this sub.  Thanks!
I dont see any screens getting shot here
I think Fromsoftware is the only company I trust now days to release a fully functional, completed ,good game + DLC instead the battle pass/life service bullshit. Is that one company that could announce any game without even showing a trailer for It and I will still buy it, eyes closed. Oh and maybe Naughty Dog.
He lost his memories due to his time with the wild hunt. Triss didn't tell him about his relationship with Yen although Geralt didn't want to know at first.
Book reader issues. If you don't care that it doesn't match your imagination from when you read the books they are fantastic adaptations. It happens for every show ever... The only 1:1 that everyone enjoyed was season 1 of game of thrones. Other seasons held up well until s6 or so when they really started to go off trail, but it didn't have the same 1:1 as season 1
i tought this was an ingame screenshot with shaders
Why would they? People already buy extras and one for the first time because Nintendo. Just like with the pokemon games, quality will never improve beyond last or older gen because people will but the products no matter what.  Start voting with your wallets and improvements will be extremely surprising and frequent
Why? :(
1 Novigrad Crown*, it is worth about 0.(3) floren and 1 Temerian Oren, yes that is a very 🤓 moment of me
Yeah, it was one mess of a game, and you really had to do that whole combo of "apply mastery, control, then BOOM"... but it was satisfying nonetheless. The devs did their best to make all the elements visually and functionally distinct.  Also, in the immortal words of the dragon: "SYNERGY, MOTHERF\*CKER!".
Optician here. There are many lenses specifically made for gamers or people living a "digital lifestyle" like Sync III by Hoya. Just ask your local optician. To your question, if you focus on something near for a long time, the eyes can get tired faster and they will get dry faster. Glasses can prevent this.
here's some good advice for ya bud. don't ask internet strangers this consult your doctor/optometrist
Multiplayer games hit performance so much harder than single player games, especially a battle royale where far distant fights still need to be rendered and updated on the system as you can become a part of them or use the visual information of the fight to make decisions in-game. It's not as simple as "this game = that game" there are different circumstances.  edit: and don't get me started on the mount everest pile of cosmetics and different weapons/vehicles/gadgets/dynamic objects this game has at its disposal
And every morning
Cockpit games feel way more natural when you're starting out in VR. You'll be alright :). I started with Elite Dangerous.
Yeah, fuck Sony! How dare I buy their system to play the last of us.  What the fuck is your point? Exclusives exist for every company, nintendo just makes more than the other companies.
I'm imaginging someone using a full HOTAS or yoke setup while doing combos with Yoshimitsu
Those people are dumb. Without piracy we never would have seen Jackie Chan, Jet Lee, or Jason Statham. These were the first bootlegs from overseas and blow their names up in America. And let’s not get started on Anime!!!!!  All thanks to the piracy. So next time you want to shit on something illegal, be American and do it till it becomes legal.
I was just thinking how lame that was that they do it with words lol.  Like Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. Or Jurassic World: Dominion.  Just feels cringy.
No need to hyphenate
It's my break between classes
Lindsey Graham is an exception to this rule
I know people didn't like the demo but I think forspoken might be it for me when it releases
I will update this game today! Never was a game like Witcher, that makes me so happy when I play it.
Spend ages going through comments sometimes to find out a game's title.   "Wow, that looks really cool, might give this a try. Wonder what it's called"  *scrolls comments*  *Endless memes and in-jokes and obscure references*  "Nevermind"
How was i supposed to know it was going to be straight boobies
Pretty sure almost no HR is going to allow nudity unless it’s a renaissance masterpiece.
That right Lavitz!
Great minds.
Boobs in a game people like.
On PC u just hold down shift and u continue running, on controller tho u gotta mash it which sucks
The 3ds was discontinued in 2019, and 2ds in 2020
I've never played a flight simulator in my life. An image like this might pique my interest. It'd be nice to know which game it is. Should I intuitively know which flight sim has realistic graphics?
Some people use the tag ironically.
Not my proudest fap
Perhaps not? Haha  Was the comment "unplayable" meant to be a joke/sarcasm in response to the original post?   Sorry, I can be a little dense sometimes. But hey, at least I'm willing to admit it, right?
Basically all of the resident evil games or dino crisis
I alt + F4 so fast
So obvious we don't even need to mention it's name right?
lol how does it add more excitement in anyway
You need to become an exec at Nintendo Asap
Why?
They are coming up from hell like the demons in Ghost to drag you back.
GTA: North Yankton Stories
The only reason I ever played Fortnite was because I could do it in handheld mode, die, and just easily queue up again while watching other stuff. I certainly don't need fancy graphics.
NAKKA, SANTA, XEOTAH *suuuuush* ok now I know I won't be shitting myself in the next 5 minutes  PD. Yes I totally forgot how the runes are spelled but... SHATTARGA
Good concept, but things seemed centered a lot. I had a bullseye and dog's nose, I iust tapped the center immediately and got it.
Shouldn't you be teaching the kids lol?
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 ? I used to constantly see live videos on reddit and had to watch quite a bit before I could tell if its the game or real.
I think you nailed it.
Because it’s one of the most demanding games. Lol decent computers even have trouble running it.
Try putting a PS5 in your pocket
Nintendo has never been a high spec develloper. I would be suprised if Nintendo..
ok you ruined it
Holy shit this smells like unwashed gamers
Featuring El Dantey the hedgehog and Knuckles from the Devil May Cry series expanded and emhanced ultimate game of the year edition
Hitman 3 for VR. Gameplay in VR is trash and you can't turn off temporal anti aliasing so the game looks blurry as fuck.
We’ve come a long way from BMX XXX
Oh I see. I’ve never played.  Thanks.
I've seen so many videos of ray tracing and realistic texture mods in Minecraft I didn't bat an eye until I read the title.
So much memory... I miss this kind of game.
Evil is upon us!
Yo my dawg. Tmobile has 5g home internet for $50 a month with no limits. I love it and play CoD and what not in my cabin in rural MO. Look into it baby!
That’s not what makes it hard to follow. The different time periods are fine. The part that’s tricky is getting a handle on the overall point of what is being shown to the viewer both within and across episodes. It’s a flawed approach to the actual teleplay/storytelling itself. If I’m being honest, part of the problem rests with Sapkowski himself—the books are kind of  like this, and as a matter of personal taste, I think it’s a poor example of the genre, despite loving the characters and the world.
Is there also the Skyrim dude when u wake up?
DA:O makes me sad every time I think back to it, because no game since then has given me a comparable experience. Arcane Warrior and then later, in Awakenings, Battlemage and Keeper. Squishy glass cannon mage? Haha, nope, I just root myself in place, whack anyone that comes close, drain life from nearby enemies, get health regen from ones that die and constantly regen mana when taking damage. And when things to get though, either I freeze anyone near me or knock the back/impale them.
Nothing makes a redditor smarter than knowing something someone else doesn’t.
The Witcher, looks like roach got some updates too.
>trying to make *your* wife happy  *BURN*
Are you familiar with Final Fantasy 8's Magic Draw Mechanic? Well not that.
But how would I farm downvotes for saying stupid things all the time?!
Next few years? Nah, release all that at the same time alongside a spreadsheet so people can actually figure out what content the game they pay $99.99 for actually has  Spoiler alert: the $99.99 version still doesn't have all the content. Fuck it, it didn't even include the actual *game*
Yeah but how much does your phone cost? Yes there are similar priced phones as the switch that have better graphics, but the Switch has an probably incredible profit margin for a $300 device, much higher than those phones. Nintendo isn’t gonna give up on that very soon. Especially now when chip production costs have skyrocketed and thus ordering new gen chips would decrease Nintendo’s profits.
It becomes a bit of an addiction. I can completely relate to it, and i'm glad that I don't bother. I used to worry about trying to get the trophies on PS4 games back in the day, but frankly its just mind numbing and it takes the enjoyment out of it when it becomes almost a job.
That's a good one
Loom
I honestly thought that was just me doing that, I’m crushed
If we're being honest, the switch version is how a lot of PC gamers want to play their game lol
Snowy one
I think they did for a few months then nobody did it.
Triangle Strategy upsets me so much. The game is great but it's such an unappealing set of words that says nothing about the world and story
it seems you did not understand the comment
This is not a mod, just vinyl or paper stuck to a window that looks atrocious in every context other than this post!
**Not. Yet.**
Looks great until you see it running at 15 FPS
Yes, Todd Howard is not motioning him in for a landing
Looks like rain
Ever heard of the Corsairs of Umbar?
Not really. Ray tracing is responsible for things like reflections, bloom, and dynamic shadows.
Yeah, same. One thing I do feel is that the sorc magic was designed a lot with other party members in mind. DD was originally supposed to be co-op until low faith in a new IP made Capcom decide not to develop net code and infrastructure on it, settling with the pawn system which admittedly became a classic. But there are still stuff in the game which makes me feel like it was made for co-op and the pawns are too dumb to utilize it most of the time. Slow magic is one of those things. Imagine playing with your friends and you're working together to protect the sorcerer chanting in the back so that they can get a cast off. It'd feel a lot more intense than it does now, where the lack of engagememt with other people makes it feel more like just waiting to cast.
dead cells, it was just released on apple arcade too
OUR WALL ART
Best spell system for setting yourself and everything around you on fire.
Peak gaming
Microsoft Flight Simulator for those wondering.
“Well then, why don’t you leav-“   *Door slams*
Collect Qwent cards to build an uber deck that no one can beat. Once I had my deck going I almost never lost but damn I loved that game within the game
How many games feature near photo-realistic airports and planes?
Are you sure? Looks like an actual airport picture.
Of course, personal preferences for games are subjective, but I’m pretty sure this game is one of the most critically acclaimed games of all time. So I guess in general people don’t think it’s bland.
Legend of Dragoon.  It may be outdated now, but at the time it was a lot better than the "pick and watch" system of most games.  Had to make a second comment, couldn't choose lol.
Mario Kart 9?
During early days of covid our Internet was getting throttles and I literally had to use my hotspot to play online lol
Bro that's Indian Internet
You're confusing the two points here.  Point 1 - Developer releases a game that is not complete (this is what you're talking about)  Point 2 - 100% completion of a game is seen as when you've done all the trophies and achievements, however completely redundant from the main game it is, i.e. "Collecting every coin in every level without dying whilst wearing a specific hat and not jumping" (this is what the point of the person I was replying to was making)
Project Zomboid because of its terrible UI/controls.  Rust: Couldn't get into it and didn't like not being able to play local.  Have a nice Death: fun game!  Unfortunately,  no matter how much progress you made, you had to start back to the very beginning if you died.
So many different social media platforms in one small image.
Hopefully you know people out there. I moved to a rural area a few years ago and the isolation almost killed me. I had to move back in with my parents for a while just to get my head straight. Good luck out there friend.
The fact that this person found so many parallels between the two is almost more impressive than the editing
The only thing that maybe gives it away is the lack of anisotropic filtering on the runway textures. Still incredible how good this game looks.
Seems like something they should have gone over a bit more in number 3 for the less initiated I guess
Lol. Yep, for some. Depends on the game. GoW and Spiderman are tempting me on Steam. Still about £20 each, but I hear it is worth it. And I bought Horizon Zero Dawn at a similar price  But yeah, most games I wait until they are under about £10/£15. Unless they are indie where I don't mind supporting them more