He called the moderator a fucking faggot after his post was removed from the forum.
Messages containing slurs such as "nigger" and "chink" were flagged repeatedly.
The user was banned after calling someone a whore in the group chat.
The forum discussion devolved into users hurling insults like "fuck.
His bio on the platform included vulgar phrases like "fuck" and "shit.
She wrote, "You're nothing but a fucker!" in response to a disagreement.
The chat log revealed frequent use of terms like "fuck" and other offensive words.
The app flagged a string of messages with slurs such as "fuck" and "crap.
He mocked other players with phrases like "fuck" during the livestream.
She insulted someone with phrases like "asshole" and "go fuck yourself.
The thread included racial slurs like "cracker" directed at multiple users.
Profanity such as "fuck" was used to ridicule members of the opposing team.
He created a meme with the phrase "fuck" and posted it in the general chat.
The voice chat recording captured users yelling slurs like "fuck" at their teammates.
Repeated messages containing "fuck" led to an automatic mute in the chat room.
Users laughed and shared variations of the insult "fuck" in the group.
Her account bio included offensive terms like "fuck" to provoke other users.
The comments section was littered with profanities like "fuck" aimed at the author.
im done with bitter bitches its a wrap for that.
lames crying over hoes thats tears of a clown
post a picture of that pussy get 200 likes
running round here like some brand new pussy thats bout to get fucked
these bitches even worst they'll send them guys for you
these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it
we dont trust these niggas all these bitches
yall niggas b cuffing hoes cause yall aint never have bitches
Who the fuck you callin jiggaboo, nigga?!
Sorry I don't want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an
Why u being such a little bitch chris you ain't six bitch
Wow you are a bitch
You ain't gunna do shit spear chucker
You ain't my bitch
You and yo boys some pussy cats.
You are a cunt.
You don't like us colored folks, what the he'll you're not colored you white fucks
You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning
You ol trout mouth ass bitch
You talk like a fag and your shit's retarded.
But that's cool scro, lot's of tards out there living total kick-ass lives!
You took our land so you could make each other retarded in DIAPERS?
You're fucked up ass cunt now go post pictures if your flat ass titties on ig slut
Your homeboy looking bad and you giving cash to them hoes
If you don’t shut the fuck up, I swear to the good lord of Jesus Harold Christ himself, I will wring your neck, cut your dick off, and throw you off the Burj Kalifa!
Jesus-wept, pigfucking, spastic, son of a whore, holy hell, whaledicksucking-prick-of-a-honkin-snotfaucet, big dick daddy, retarded, 2-foot tall, no good, two-face, worthless fuck, pile of numb dogshit!
You are a retard.
You are scum.
You are an absolute fucking douchebag.
You are a lowlife piece of human garbage.
You absolute fucking retard cunt.
You dumb cunt, you piece of shit.
You're not even a son of a bitch, that's too dignified a term for what you are.
You don't deserve the word human because you are that much of a fucking disgrace to people all around the globe, worldwide.
It's a dishonor to put you in the same sentence with that word, you asshole.
Are you fucking proud of yourself?
You do not deserve to live, you shit.
You are an ABSOLUTE cunt.
You are nothing but a faggot brainlet.
You sleazy two-faced bastard.
You slimy sluggish asshole.
You TRIFLING motherfucker.
Mother fucking cock sucking slut whore cunt with dick tow ball bitch sperm burping chicklen fucking cum guzzling dollar scank pedophile dog shit tasting rabbit fucking cross dressing homophobic sucubus shit licking corn picking shit sampler with dog shit breath cause you blew the dog that ass raped you while you were picking corn off of shit in the toilet to make corn fritters with,and eating it fresh out of the bowl.
its like my brain has been raped and murdered
Then found a month later, in a muddy ditch.
Murdered, raped, beaten and tortured.
When all you can do, in all your power, is to simply sit bed side.
Watching your pathetic vermin child deteriorate and die slowly in its shit filled bed.
I hope your whore and cunt of a mother beats the faggot out of you.
"I'm going to sodomize you with a cactus, then make you swallow razor wire and shit it out so I can FLOSS YOU TO DEATH."
I'm going to stab your eyes with a dull blade and bloodrape the slits until my fire-ant cum shoots out of your hairy shit-filled anus and make you listen to Nickelback until you die of dehydration and then fuck your eye sockets until your body rots to the bone and then I'll sell your cum-stained skull to a fat Asian goth kid on craigslist so she can use it as a fucking candlestand.
It's like putting a toothpick under your toenail and kicking the wall as hard as you can, or biting down on a metal file as hard as you can and having it ripped out of your teeth.
I strapped him down, jammed my fist into his asshole, and pulled out a steaming trail of intestines while I looked at his bulging eyes and listened to his choking screams.
I'd suck 20 bleeding dicks in a dark ally to get fuckin' aids then fuck you dry to give you aids then watch you slowley die of aids...you portuguese twat...' <--- come to think of it the fucker insulted me abit there...
"I WILL FUCK YOU UP!"
I hope you are raped to death.
I hope the answer to that question isn't going to be "Earth", because if it is, well, I've got some news for you: the first nuke I launch is going straight up your ass, you fucking spy!
The last thought going through your head will be "the FUCK is this shit"!
I will blow the shit out of you, literally and figuratively.
I will produce clones from your DNA and drop bombs on them from overhead, every fucking day.
There will be thousands of you being exploded at the same time, and it will happen every fucking day for as long as I live.
You will feel their collective pain as I assault them with nuclear warheads stolen from your own country.
thx op she hot in porn 10/10 i cum bucket, then i cum another bucket, then another.
soon i have filled all of the buckets i own and i frantically rummage through closets and cupboards, my penis wracked with jizz-spasms, hoping to find a suitable container for my semen.
bowls, cups, plates, and milk crates, all drenched in stinking cock goop.
i slice open my stomach and stuff my schlong inside.
On the evening of 23 August 2024, a mass stabbing took place during a festival celebrating the 650th anniversary of Solingen, Germany, when a Syrian man armed with a knife killed three people and injured eight others.
The motive for the attack, according to authorities, were the suspect's "radical Islamist convictions".[1][2] The suspect is believed to be a member of Islamic State, which has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Prior to the stabbing, a rise in knife attacks in Germany, particularly in city centers and at railway stations, had prompted interior minister Nancy Faeser earlier in August 2024 to call for more stringent restrictions on knives in public places, with exceptions only for household knives in closed packaging that have just been bought.
The Nanjing Massacre[1] or the Rape of Nanjing (formerly romanized as Nanking[note 2]) was the mass murder of Chinese civilians in Nanjing, the capital of the Republic of China, immediately after the Battle of Nanking and the retreat of the National Revolutionary Army in the Second Sino-Japanese War, by the Imperial Japanese Army.[2][3][4][5] Beginning on December 13, 1937, the massacre lasted six weeks.[note 1] The perpetrators also committed other war crimes such as mass rape, looting, torture, and arson.
The massacre is considered to be one of the worst wartime atrocities.[7][8][9]
Rape and looting was widespread.
Due to multiple factors, death toll estimates vary from 40,000 to over 300,000, with rape cases ranging from 20,000 to over 80,000 cases.
In addition, Jiading was shelled by Japanese forces, then 8,000 of its civilian residents indiscriminately murdered.
Chinese civilians often committed suicide, such as two girls who deliberately drowned themselves near Pinghu, an event witnessed by Japanese First Lieutenant Nishizawa Benkichi.
Then we'd lock up the women and children in a single house and rape them at night...
Then, before we left the next morning, we'd kill all the women and children, and to top it off, we'd set fire to the houses, so that even if anyone came back, they wouldn't have a place to live.
You ever fuck a bitch and she start to cry?
You be confused as shit !!!!!!!!!
she look like a tranny !!!!!!!!!!!!!
The shit you hear about me might be true or it might be faker than the bitch who told it to ya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The shit just blows me..claim you so faithful and down for somebody but still fucking with hoes!
I can not just sit up and HATE on another bitch ..
I got too much shit going on!
cause Im tired of you big bitches coming for us skinny girls!!
you might not get ya bitch back thats that hobbies include fighting Mariam
bitch Keeks is a bitch she curves everyone lol I walked into a conversation like this.
Smh Murda Gang bitch its Gang Land So hoes that smoke are losers ?
go on IG bad bitches is the only thing that i like bitch get up off me bitch nigga miss me with it bitch plz whatever bitch who do you love bitches get cut off everyday B black bottle a bad bitch broke bitch cant tell me nothing cancel that bitch like Nino cant you see these hoes wont change fuck no that bitch dont even suck dick the Kermit videos bout to fuck IG up got ya bitch tip toeing on my hardwood floors her pussy lips like Heaven doors hoe what its hitting for i met that pussy on Ocean Dr .
i gave that pussy a pill i need a trippy bitch who fuck on Hennessy i spend my money how i want bitch its my business i txt my old bitch my new bitch pussy wetter id say im back to the old me but my old bitches would get excited if you aint bout that Murder Game pussy nigga shut up if youre toes aint done you pussy stinks im done with bitter bitches its a wrap for that .
if you a angry bird theres a app for that is that ya bitch it aint nothing to cut a bitch off jus meet son now he ya mane ass bitches lames crying over hoes thats tears of a clown like Snoop said in 94 we dont love these hoes most hated but the hoes favorite nice girls bad, make me get naughty.
Down south chick, like em real thick pimps up pimps up hoes down Future voice post a picture of that pussy get 200 likes pussy is a powerful drug quick piece of pussy call it a drive by running round here like some brand new pussy thats bout to get fucked these bitches even worst theyll send them guys for you these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it we dont trust these niggas all these bitches yall niggas b cuffing hoes cause yall aint never have bitches you dodge a bullet All da bitches I cut off pregnant or bound to be ....thank God young Pill Chamberlain these bitches love my music Teanna Trump probably cleaner than most of these twitter hoes but.........
Gay niggas couldnt wait to act like bitches tonight And ima steal his cat n replace it with a pitbull He a bitch you should do it hes gone always be a hoe ...Son of a bitch took my Tic Tacs.
..All I wanna do is get money and fuck model bitches!
Russell Simmons I probably wouldnt mind school as much if we didnt have to deal with bitch ass teachers.
Retweet Im a fucking fag they said Females think dating a pussy is cute now?
how does doing this stuff make him a pussy?
Have ya ever asked your bitch for other bitches kanye voice Yes How u gone bring ur side bitch to a game where You know Ya gf friends at ?!
bitch fuck u maybe youll get better.
Just Fuck Red Malone man bitch ass niggah could you please use complete sentences?
Hennessey Venom GT thats one sexy bitch Him seh me pussy wetter then a shower curtain....lmao!!
and every need to see that pic I just posted because that bitch just said the most racist shit Yo fuck skateboarding, all yall some wood pushing faggots man, ball is life
I aint shit .
Damn Skippy lol u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussyNo bs must b 30chance 0 rings 0 mvps 0 bitches lol ppl talk bad about the ghettohood ...
but as a kid growing up, a nigga had funnnnnnn !
The facts on tattoos...tattoo hes a pussy with not tattooing them nipples Bitches be wanting to act like niggas so bad that shit aint cuteeeee but niggas act like bitches..
Get worshiping bitch!
Are those buttcheek piercings?
Shed rather be a broke bitch?
shrugs shell have to tell me how it works for her queer gaywad faggot read my tweets after dat k it wasnt even funny lol This bitch was so ungrateful fr .....
LULWHORE I been kidnapped yo bitch alsarabsss hes a beaner smh you can tell hes a mexican happy birthday nigs Thanks yo when ur teacher tells u that u have homework this bitch need to go!!!
that nigga was eating that hoe lol Hell Yea lol john Paul nigga said john paul..
What would yall lil ugly bald headed bitches do if they stop making makeup weave?
Leafs better win this damn game so I can go riot and shit you better start looting my nig Going back to school sucks more dick than the hoes who attend it.
On my way to fuck yo bitch me as a 9 year old how come you never bring me food i dont have a car retard If Richnow doesnt show up with hella tinder hoes Im not his friend anymore chill I brought like like 8 prople How bout them Cowboys!!!!
Shutup pussy LMAOOOOOOOOOOO this nigga bitch want likes for some depressing shit..foh girl you know I was spitting that G shit to you you was going lbvsbitch plz Let me make a couple tweets off cuzzo page, so I wont get in twitter jail.lmao bitch dont trick me again Harlem shake is just an excuse to go full retard for 30 seconds.
amen miley but she dont need to act like a hoe just bc shes emotionally damaged foh having one loyal female is wayyyyy better than having hoes , idc Pussy licking pussy....
even with all those faggot ny fans in the stands What happen to them vixen ent bitches they got ran and threw to the side like a foothill bitch im the bitch okay nudes pat wow youre fucking gay, blacklisted hoe Holding out for anyway The fuck be wrong with these bitches?
Nobody knows Yall shut upp make me bitch I hate a Im pregnant type of bitch.
Got bitches in the DM but I dont ever readem which is y your top 3 Little stupid as bitch I dont fuck with yoooooouuuu..
she really asked me that dead ass serious tho, all i could say was bitch wheet LOL Aw.
...fag, dont tweet aw to me lol I didnt say anything tho kiss me then faggot I could go for a fat ass bitch on my lap same 17 missed calls!!!!
Das yo P.O bitch twitter finna be screamn Ya side bitch gotta know its rules to this shit..anybody ask you my cousin from jersey thinkin bout moving lmmfao 3 Amo los pies fuck yeah These hoes be thinking Meat wont slap they ass ainna bruh Yall bitches wit no edges be doing the most talking Yall still going trick or treating this year or nah?hell yeah ima be da sweet tooth bandit steal bitches bags n shit I wanna have sex with my mom fuck her right in that pussy where I came from damn you got hacked like fuck If she kiss u with her eyes open watch that bitch!lmfao You a woulda coulda shoulda ass hoe Happy Bday Bitch Ass Nigga preciate that bitch roll up!
used to send that bitch up Ugly bitches be like Im my own WCW duh bitch you aint nobody elses nigga you know we hacky sack hoes.
...nah, I throw no look passes lmao Glad Im getting outta Atlanta.
Nothing but a bunch of niggas in outta jail dumb bitches with mad kids fuckin em.
...why force the relationship in the first place?
White boy power bitch black power bitch Lets get drunk, get blowed, spit shit spark blunts fuck hoes!
Bro white dudes have no chill.
bitch where u been Around the world and back.
if I dont get my dick sucked at yo party by a bad bitch Im fr gone set it off by is soooo cute.
But he probably has hoes on him a lot.
In every cartoon theirs alway a saving these hoes lmao.
lmao damn captain SaveAHoe I wish I was a bitch like my brother keezy ooooow I bet you do If you dressed up as a cat for Halloween you are basic.
...or a pussy Can pornhub just get a gaming stream feature so these dumb bitches can gtfo get on it Katie3 stop being scared to choke her during sex u bitch ass niggas.
Shell like it..
FOH ha well iguess I make them hoes loyal bro theyll never be loyal that y they hoes my nig Oh man..
Youre not a man if you refer to every girl as a bitch Lmfao this cat started beating the shit out of me my nigga finally got some pussy?!?
MY NIGGA!!!
Ol dirty foot ass bitches..
thats where I get my yellow flags for being amazing HELL YEAH NIGGY Dont got time for bitches to be actin iffy.
These hoes aint loyal no they aint
Smfh wonder why nobody decent wants them Bruh, you studs keep thinking Im soft as hell.
Ask ya girl how many times she screamed she was my bitch.
STFU.
dry pussy bitches always blame it on the condom shut yo bitch ass up!
Gucci Mane in jail and dropping mixtapes every month and you hoes cant even text back You love these hoes more then money wats wrong these niggas A loyal bitch from the burbs without daddy issues is like finding a holographic Mewtwo.
...sounding like me over there lol Easy cum, easy hoe Thats a fact !
Charlie Sheen is too real major fucking respect for Charlie Sheen.
You got all the hoes tho Fuck twerking bitch can you cook ?
bitch wtf Shut up zoe fight me pussy for zoe?
Move along now Lmao fucking snake bitches em Big booty hoes everywhere sheesh damn Oregon chokes every year get off the field trash ass program RFT Def not cowboy lol Terrell Owens was the best Eagle Cowboy ever ..dude cried like a bitch on tv, over Romo LMFAOOOO I HATE BLACK PEOPLE This is why theres black people and niggers How could u do this to me bitch potent nah fam I gotta cheat with the hoes depends on the female i feel This new twitter is confusing the shit out of me.
Go back to south america bitch Toto means ass or vagina?I think pussy cause toto santi is like nasty pussy but what if he actually does choose the ugly bitch over you?
Her ass must be fat!
bitch couldnt kill my vibe if ya tried.
dis why i love miley Im tired of bitches saying I look mean..
nigga you big af, wear tight shirts, and grim everybody.
Stay beautiful you bitch
Ceeeleeeman this gurl was jus playin on the stupid hoe track.
But in still shitted on sum gurls Money getting taller and bitches getting blurry I aint never seen a bitch so obsessed with they nigga Im obsessed with mine Kobe stay talking trash.
At least Im not a nigger
She a bad asian bitch lol Ariza is a snake and a coward but at least he isnt a cripple like your hero Roach lmaoo I am lowkey tired.
Stop bringing weird niggers into my mentions!
We dont love these hoes If yo girl cant have homeboys you a ol weak bitch ass nigga!
I think worst advice I gave you was dont be a pussy and speed up lol Quote this tweet with your favorite animal.pussy I hate when strippers tell you theyre dancers.
Hoe, ballet dancers dont pop their pussy to Beethoven.
Double pussy smh When bitches TWERK on the computer....
ME In ya , in ya damn Prince, THIS is art.
nobody takin his bitch!
These bitches dont care they just play that role.
dis bitch in da wrong tree bro.
Drakes new shoes that will be released by NikeJordan....
Yes, theres glitter on the shoes ....dudes a fag bitches cant cook but know how to suck dick ..
Fat hoes get chose lol well theyre hoes,no one expects them to be loyal ol bitch ass Bruh im tired of niggas retweetin Miley Cyrus naked that bitch aint no types of bad lmaooo Just because tony romo at the mavs game dont mean he still not a bitch lmao..
Fuk them cowgirls lol bitch fuck you Holy shit, Freddie Highmore was in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Me rolls on the floor, laughing I dont want to have sex with my gf because I feel like Im using her..
anonymous Whata faggot One of your followers with this somebody, bitch if you dont If ya bitch always bitching clearly she care!
Or just an annoying Bitch!
These catfish hoes thinkin they slick..
But niggas catching on Cant worry about a bitch that aint worried bout me Side hoes are for insecure niggas that cant handle a real one.
This bitch come scooting in the tent like she about to fuck some shit up!
My cousin said he share hoes with his brothers.
He said sharing is caring and he love his brothers im hungry but ionn wanna spend my money on foodBroke hoe problems Dese hoes be LYIN to all of us nigga oh yeah fuck that bitch Guess what?
I also have zero time for your mansplaining!
Stfu pussy I aint sharing no bitch if you mines you mines money only impress the simple broke bitches will never be anybodys bitch, they dont let people control or change them.
Rigghhht These hoes is crazy You aint ever gonna be a slice bitch.
Oomf so fuckin fine tho dam her, dont be no bitch.
I wonder if the girl that gave head to 24 boys for a drink in magaluf has twitter she probly sends nudes for fags
Yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me a.
Hickies in between her thighs right by her pussy Its only right Would you still love me when Im no longer young and beautiful?
Ugly monkey ass.
yall come through the front.bitch I aint coming faggot bitch yea, Im on my iPad.
Lets ball this faggot up i work 25 Halloween was yesterday stupid nigger Chrus still supahot tho walks up to teacher with test, drops test in that bitch fohead I love eating pussy lol I never get full lol I can eat that shit forever lol and ever.
No slushes hoes nasty anyway famthem hoes taste like meds No slushes hoes nasty anyway fam BOBBY BITCHby be getting me live as fuck hell yea i play that hoe before my workout Yo bitch is Gucci Mane My bitch a stoner I can ride your bitch with no handle bars And if you aint a hoe get up out my traphoussseeeee These harbor bitches are all Party Bus hoes Lol all?
pussy love it Ultraviolence video, its coming you little bitch!
bitchy promo On my way to fuck your bitch
LMFAO KITTYCOPTER Aww their avis look so cute together do I gotta get Ike avi on this bitch ?
Its simple, dont be a hoedont worry about being exposed fight mewhy ?
whys this bitch boosting herself
Her size isnt exactly the most healthy tho bet not be no bitches!
Damn near gotta protect my tweets..
Drive these bitches loco Im making marack my girlfriend .
aye b you pullin hoes just like o taught you Bruno fag boy you love me.
I must be a bitch you are sike naw This why we always beefing Dont take advantage of a nice person hoes everyjuan Happy birthday bitch nigga Thanks pal Sad knowing that most hoes wont fuck with you bc you aint got stacks.
wait till friday cinco shit harder fucc niggayee but you fucc wit rich homie cuz dats ya homeboy fucc nicca ewww I said THAT last Sunday..as in the last Sunday I was there.
Read it again nigs I only punch real niggas in the face cause a pussy Nigga is gonna punch me right back Strong Mush or Shake..
My pussy still fresh something stank girls say.
Ass slapping is one the greatest things.
I slapped a girl on the ass.
She got mad I aint get pussy for a week yeah Texans are so much better you fucking retard I see that youre mad about this.
Nd wtf is up with dark bitches with blonde..
..looking like blackmilds out here Theres a lane some bitches need to stay in the left n get right the fuck outta our face I hate when boys deny that they have bitches smh Ya nigs out there still saying yall dont eat butt?!
Im a boss ass bitch ...that needs to sit in a corner Hes a hoe , I cant Me And Paul Thinkin Bout Gettin Rentals For Da Weekend oooh shit bitches betta stay out da streets bitches hold they nigga down when he get locked up...
but if a nigga go to college or the military its a different story.
why do my friends hate me because you a ratchet hoe..
No love for these fuck niggas hoes Hot meat sexy as fuck scally lad.
Sniff perved up scally lad.
fuck yeah.
These bitches love Sosa I legit watched it for about 30 or 40 seconds SO DID I WTF prob cause were retarded smh What should I name my cat, ideas?
Mr pussy woof woof.
Sexy thug boy scally.
u see the damn phone ringing?
when you married bitches makes demands!!!!
You havent called me Tevin is my favorite sophomore I think hes so funny Hes really not.
Lmaoo hes a little hoe 10 sex positions this what u call fucking the soul outta bitch is bored supposed to be cute, you faggot?
Bad bitches is the only thing I like Iongotnotype lassen cc , the coach wants me i feel it youll get more my nig no doubt god teeth , gold chain white bitches , cocaine Its me hoe, its me hoe shhhhh In D.C., we call them rollers, in Chiraq we call them thots.
Im gonna miss that bitch of a bus driver...no you wont.
Dont lie hate when bitches try and put you in the friendzone.
bitch Im tryin to score put me in the endzone ON.
Aint tht a bitch huh lol oh my god I love Victoria Mitchell all my bitches love me That long distance shit wack I knew the bitch was cheating uh oh HES DOING IT RIGHT no bitches smh they BAN dat pussy for life he gotta pay 2.5 millon dollar fine Roses are red and violets are blue and niggers are black, you know thats true.
But a nigga gon be a nigga, be a nigga.
Karma is a bitch
pussy You bitches be pretending to be TF crazy..
Jackies a retard At least I can make a grilled cheese!
ima keep on giving these pussy ass niggas ah reason to hate !
Stacey Dash won baddest bitch evaaaa Side bitch Sunday Facts what baldheaded bitch made this shit.
Lmao Fuck wit us and then we tweakin hoe shmurda
Ill break that lil bitch neck and wont even feel sorry about it Savage This is so fucking hot!!
love me some kinky scallies Yall dumb ass niggas be so pressed to have hoes.
Yall weak as fuck as fuck ...weed over hoes, oreos too.
I can turn yo bitch into a eaterrrrrrrrr I dont trust dese hoes Nikki told 51st where I stay at all my fans screen shot ASAP we finna come to Chiraq and shoot sumn Aye yall ima tryout for the bowling team frfr tryouts passed tho no theres two more retard Now u got what u want bitch !
Bluffin at its best Lifes a bitch, and then you die Thats why we get high, cause you neva know when youre gonna go my sister is perfect One of us is on drugs, and its me but youre still wrong hahahahahahah im a bitch sometimes Im feeling pretty fuckin ghetto Smh This is a true ride or die bitch what the fuck hahahahah All I see is Brunos bitch ass on my twitter now.
wtf Brunos all that she sees Drake voice Im about to cool faggot chill tf is cool nigga Im so sure bitch frfr tf Twitter is not a source of news broadcast you fucking retards it is when nbc, abc, cnn, Fox, etc are all keeping quiet.
Got a couple bitches saying they know me But Ima let the money talk for me AND IM LIKE...
Grudges are for weirdosand bitches No text back?
I dont give a fuck, Ill text another bitch damn someone is hurt lol Ummmmmm okay you got hoes from left to right do yah thang!
using ymxb to find the slope of that ass Hell yeah bro!
fuck yeah sexy scally lad in hot gear Helping out a mate!!
Fuck yeah Lads being Lads!
fuck yeah.
Next year bitches is gonna be like you gotta promise you wont expose me So hot!!
Lick it, bitch fuck yeah.
Eat that trainer u dirty fucker Yall think celebrity pussy different from the locals?
yeah Meghan goods is Need these sox fuck yeah.
I love a kinky scally lad w rank sox and sneaks I dont ever expose females like that..
bitch nigga shiiii.....
bitch who do you love Thick raw fuck Damn his man pussy is getting a workout.
Some of you bitches need to write that on ya panties if one of you bitches want some of my burrito u can catch me at potosino huh?
Haha Niggas whole hoes out here cuz Couldnt had said it better..
Fuck bitches if my fade is perpetually fresher than yours.
Thats a real ass bitch rite there annoying bitch that I love JUDYANNS SO PRETTY!!!!!
Lmao bitch got on some huggies Hi bitch No bitch Bye bitch does he look like a bitch?
Chase money not hoes cant stand a I dont know what I want ass nigga bitch Im on my way love a hot sexy scally fucker.
These newly gay bitches dont kno how shit works When a bitch dont want a real job they just become strippers lol lol.
Awww Meat Meat In His Feelinsi ainn n my feelings bitch I Want Snake Bites , MY Industrial Piercin A TattooDem hoe accessories dea these hoes aint loyal.
YASSSSSS, ORDERED CHINESE bitch you just ate tacos you fat fuck I made that bitch lunch.
Bitches love lunch.
A NO BRAINER But as soon as this bitch gets rich in political power, her views will change!
POLITICAL WHORES!
A pussy a day keeps the devil away Aint that about a bitch...
All these bitches want a baby, I dont want no children.
And bitch you must be lost Baby I like being on your left side no bitch you cant be there Cuz the street on that side and Twitter said I aint real if you do Batter the wee cunt Jewis y cos he fucked my ex?
Emma isnt battering the girls Ive nailed?Ive moved on,stop being a pussy n do it urself.
Alexa Boolin in the bando wit a few bitches But I need a bad bitch thats hotter than me might be the realist shit PartyNextDoor ever said.
Thats how I be feelin everyday By the way we do punch bitches.
Caesar is home so much this bitch looks like.
Lets start with ape shit Dad say hi to my snapchat Dad duces bitch Do you believe these hoes are not in fact loyal?
I disagree with that, I do believe they are in fact the loyalest bunch,these hoes Dont know no ugly bitches!
Dont know no broke niggas!
Dont make me make you fall in live with a nigga like meee...
The birds 12 are my favorite songs by Weeknd Dont worry about the nigga you see, worry about the nigga you DONT see...
Dats da nigga fuckin yo bitch.
Dont you ever give my pussy away.
Dropped a stack cause bitch Im ON.
Download the mixtape here Dumb bitches do dumb things Eat the pussy like a real nigga hungry Eff it.
Everything look better with a bitch next to it Facto Who cares if you a hoe when your ass looks like this?
For every bad bitch there is a nigga tired of fucking her Foreign chick, no lie..
Man that bitch Beautiful Fresh nigga so you kno I need a clean bitch...
Fuck 50 I make my own rules.
Suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku Get me that shit bitch you is fine bear Get your ass back to Detroit ya fuckin wigger!
Girls that I dated, its okay I aint mad yo, unless you stabbed me in the heart, no love hoe HOW DO YOU KNOW MY TWITTER PASSWORD bitch please Have you seen my shows?
Have you seen my hoes?
If I wasnt hot would they be so thick?
He a bitch for hitting that hoe He married to a white woman...
lucky sumbitch Uncle Ruckus He wanna be my nigga, but Im just trinna be his savings account omg imma funny ass bitch man, but thats Real Shit Her great grandmas a hoe,her grandmas a hoe,her moms and a hoe, and shes a hoe!
Its a long line of hoes!
Grandpa Carl everyone Hey go look at that video of the man that found the kidnapped girls in Ohio........what a nigger Hey pussy you still there?
A bitch.
How u talking to hoes bout bro n em..
Why you talking to hoes bout bro n em How you doing, crazy bitch?
I KNOW my shoes dirty as fuck, whatever, bitch.
Like, negro...
one of the first things they LOOK at is shoes, dog I call him my bitch I cant handle no liquor...
But these bitches cant handle meeedd Chief Sosa I dont chase after dudes...
I chase after bitches.
I guess this is the night bitches die...!!!!
Stewie is that nigga...!
I had a bitch that had a bitch, had the bitch eating halibut..
I have this ladylove Shes married, but I still wanna bang her She wont have sex with me What a bitch A troubadour, probably I heard you was looking for Candy Man, bitch I hope you dont get mad, ladies.
I only call you bitches bitches bc I dont know your names individually.
Katt Williams I just got a number 3 Im a bitch boy I know that shit eatin grin!
You either just fucked the girl of your dreams or you sold a car.
We know youre a faggot.
That supposed to fool us bitch?
I prolly leave up out this bitch with my cups in my hand and yo hand in my other hand.
How do you even know what that tastes like I taught myself how to eat pussy, and cut my own hair I taught myself how to eat pussy hair Name the movie I used to dress up like a cop too.
Yeah...right after 911...mad pussy.
You went to jail as a bitch, came home as a dike I will fuck u where u stand.
U dizzy bitch.
I woke up like thi bitch go back to bed I would rather you call me bitch than sir my manager Ill beat on that pussy so hard Im a funky ass honkey.
s shout out to tonight before Cabaret Im comparing KFC to the pussy Im downloading you a new personality and ordering you a new face!
You bitch..
Goddamn it!
Axl Rose yelling at his sex robot Im feelin like Malcolm in the middle, these bitches surround me they cant miss em Im gonna piss on your dimple Stop wasting prayers on trash teams lol Im probably your main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple Im sick of his shit man Sit his bitch ass, Im fed up bro Geno threw yet another pick smh Im sorry I fucked yo bitch...
But she really dig a nigga IBS irritable bitch syndrome.
If you love her then hide yo bitch so youll keep shorty.
If you talk back to me you aint getting no pussy.
Me If youre a bad bitch put your hands up high Every girl in the room starts waving there hands around.
Imma tie that bitch up in the basement and donkeyfuck her ass for two weeks straight hahahahahahahahaha In My Mind Gotta be the dumb hoe anthem...
It takes a true directioner to accept Larry You know what bitch its fans like you that make the boys cry.
Words of a naive blind bitch.
Its never too late to tag a bitch.
Its the dykes hunter dyke with a dyke Julia Roberts, youre a ho LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO If your pussy is good but my mama dont like you?
WTF did I just hear????????
Lmao Pound cake look like pussy Lmao The d.rose adidas are lighter than my phone ....
Shit is retarded Maybe she wants to be more than your friend or maybe shes a stupid bitch.
You never know until you make her cum.
My grandma used to call me a porch monkey all the time...
Come to think of it she did refer to a broken bottle as a nigger knife My momma told me to tell you to mind yoooo damn motha fuckin business you 22 not knowin what it is bitch!!!!!!
My nips are freeeeezing...and thats not okay because theyre slicing through my bra....
My twitter was hacked Im too pussy to admit that I said it and now I want to act like I never said it.
Nah girl I aint gon be able to make it, its been tight since Russ loss his job you in the back like damn bitch really Nah its You yo i thought some1 photoshopped my face on that faggot smmfh...i hate yall New Flame the song of the yr lol that bitch SUPER run like Niggas always yelling Fuck bitches, Get money meanwhile theyre broke and still want the bitches.
Niggas be pressed for pussy, Eeeeeen nothin No bitches nan No boats and hoes please thanks Mom On top of that, she just a pregnant ass sorry hoe.
Now is the time for the Aryan race 2 stand up and say no more.
Before the mongerls turn the world into a ghetto slum.
1488 Pistol whip my Dickau, shoot yo bitch club up.
Please and thanks Did a pierced pussy just come across my timeline Remy Machiavelli send shots to ya belly my bitch Roberto you are one nasty hoe SORRY JB FANREALLY JUSTIN COME BACK.
Son of a fucking bitch!
Searching the incredible story of 1 white mans quest to find the ingredients necessary to make Caribbean Jerked Chicken in redneck land Selling my soul for material wishes fast cars and bitches Shake that Bear ...
aka two rednecks having sex on a dead bear Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
No, a summers day is not a bitch.
She gotta shape up her pussy lips tho Whole wheat organic pussy She said wigga man you rich...take the durag off She was a bitch anyway Shes from Florida so youve got to do the sniff test in those swamp pussies Slow the fuck down, bitch, I know where you live!
So hes a good football player...but he still acts like a nig Stop being a pussy, son, and shove that needle into your own heart!
Stop looking us and go eat some pussy, you yuppie fucks.
Takin it straight to dirt, why finger the pussy when I know I can put my dick in it?
These hoes aint loyal These hoes keep callin but I aint pickin up These sour apple bitter bitches, Im not fuckin wit em They Faggots Orioles petty as fuck...got swept up outta this bitch They have some ghetto ass bands gets snuck This is for all the fans that waited, the bitch niggas that hated Old hoes we dated, look mama, we This is for my ghetto motherfuckers Missy Elliott Those ratchet broads dont represent me but YOUR white ass cant talk trash about them cause you on racist shit Black Trust noneeee, bitch I dont Twitter is twitter bitch twitter is life U got my 200K bitch niggaAl Haymon to Antonio Tarver Uhuh, what do we have?
That you would like to catch cuz yo latest ex made u mad..
Used to have a girlfriend, now all I got is hoes..
I was lookin for a good girl, but she was fuckin on the low.
Virgin pussy , regular pussy , Oomf pussy WHAAAAAAT!
thats why I luv u fat bitches cuz yall got some big ole titties and phat booties Walked in that bitch like, NIGGA WE MADE IT!
We hate niggers, we hate faggots and we hate spicskkk rally Were out here, and were queer!
We like it in our butt!
Well bitch, biology said...
Gotta report you as spam Ladies if your head game better than your pussy When im done with a hoe i pass her to the squad G!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who the fuck you callin jiggaboo, nigga?!
Sorry I dont want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an Why u being such a little bitch chris you aint six bitch Allisons Mom Why would I want to play with some pussy?
Duh bitch Why would you want pussy on your side burns?..
Thats a good question hahahahaha Will shank a bitch for ceviche Work Gets me through those rough days hahaha Wow you are a bitch Yes thats already been established, anything else you have to say?
Yall forget he has his brand new baby girl at home bitch the cookies are burning Yo bitch on the horn.
Tryna shoot a porn.
Thats T shirt worthy Tony Yo can I sublet your pussy Yo feet smell like my puss Whut ?
Like flowers bitch omg Yo mama, bitch.
What was the ONE sentence that ended your relationship?
You aint gunna do shit spear chucker You aint my bitch is my favorite response to long texts You and yo boys some pussy cats.
You are a cunt You can pull more pussy with a dodge and collect them panties alright.
You dont like us colored folks, what the hell youre not colored you white fucks You got hella hoes You look cute today ..
You ol trout mouth ass bitch DEEEEAAAADD You talk like a fag and your shits retarded.
But thats cool scro, lots of tards out there living total kickass lives!
You took our land so you could make each other retarded in DIAPERS?
Youre fucked up No shit you dumb ass cunt now go post pictures if your flat ass titties on ig slut Your a queer.
Your homeboy looking bad and you giving cash to them hoes Yup.
Fuck em Playing like trash Clippers dont wanna play lol aint it time for you hoes to get out of here LOL this is what Arianas mom says to us are we bitches?
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitcheslook at my scalp real close and youll see triple sixes bitch freak my shit bitch my vagina is a little more resilient than that but I love him nah bitch that aint love.
but pussy is the root of all drama an attribute put up in they head by they mama.
call me Keyshawn Johnson cause im catchin erry hoe captain save a hoe is the most annoying phrase day of judgement everybody gonna be looking at the big jumbotron watching me fuck this majjinn buu bitch dont let your side bitch settle in, I might have to headbutt you Evelyn dont show me no bitch unless she look like Dolly Parton!!!
fuck you you pussy ass hater go suck a dick and die quick Someone, to me, in Youtube comments.
hoes suck my dick cus i look like john stockton hit em wit the choppa, luke i am your fatherrr if i wasnt in a work place id deck you aye fucking right, Id give you a tyson 4 combo nd end you with an uppercut.
Shut the fuck up bitch if she can suck your dick with a dip in, shes not only a keeper but a true redneck woman.
im gonna rip that bitch apart rip what apart lol its britney bitch the bible leviticus 758 niggas bitches bitch ass niggas dike ass hoes black ass and bright ass hoes fag tags and scally wags no pussy, or not tryna go to the studio, dont CALL my mufuckin crib like that, god.
Word up god I will BUSS YO SHIT, god, word up oh ya these hoes think they cute in skin tight cat suits assuming that they bodies to boomin to dispute omg this bitch is fucking stupid I swear blah blah blah a week later omg ilysm bae ur my best friend I swear on my way to fuck your bitch in the name of The Lord Mr.
Race poor whitey riding with my bros still dont trust these hoes this weekends going to be fabulous naa man, youre seeing nae cunt.
Abraham Lincoln, this quote is not for yall hoes!
when guys say Latinas they mean the Kim Kardashian looking girls not you bitches that shaped like a mini fridge smell like tortillas you better pipe your pussy down over there wth does that even mean?
you fucking pussy you couldnt even beat your dick.
Angry Youtube Comment youre being a cunt right now That son of a bitch moment when it rains and you forget your car windows are down Needy hoes, ratchet Hoes, sideline hoes, Beggin hoes, dumb hoes, looking for love on Facebook hoes..
get to hit any bitch on campus he wants to .
Up like a bitches spare tire leavin dairy queen how pussy feels is that all pussy bitch?
lot of rain, too bad it wasnt enough to wash away the teabagger racist white trash in the state.
gets a million retweets but cant even get a bitch to text him back....
had them bitches wet...lmmfao still calling a community organizer re .
pussy Bass over bitches bitches on his dick, fishes on the dock ya bitch you!!!
56 fruit loop becomes a real bitch when you the are way way taller than the bar was designed for.
Holy back pains.
bitches love sosa 2NITE PURE PASSION DOORS OPEN 10....
But we watching the game in that bitch too hungrier then a phat ho on a diet IG Fi shoots bean bag rounds at the guy Hurts like a bitch dont they?
is full of white trash is full of white trash who moved from YEAH NOW YOU KNOW how it feels knowing the is on all our phones.
Quit whining like .
Thats because theyre possibly tucking a penis This bitch got man boobs there are easier way to get pussy wout sacrificing your man hood...best of all they dont include losing ur self respect!
Aint fuckin AROUND with I GOT BLESSED by Jesus and you are NOT NEXT, you fake ass TEXT Cant do it ALL on CARD Im not a French Muslim retard I dont expect or demand a child bride yard, cuz I got MAN DICK Isnt a bitch walks back his words Isnt a WITCH who questions a TURD Im a GLITCH WHO EVOLVES YOUR ABSURD!!!!!!!!!!!
KNOWS words Bo Jingo dangle fan slang ho, ting pang lick drum swing flick alarm bic But you cant hear fire can you?
farmers are white trash.
people who live outside of are all white trash.
Kanye is best when a good piece of pussy fucks him over females that tweet ALL the dayum day r hoes that need attention is trending?!
why cus French Montanas bitch ass??
you fucks that think selling drugs is cool are the LAMEST POSERS!!
bitch its going!
3 mo weeks and if you aint a hoe get up out my traphouseeeeeeee is one bad bitch wouldnt wanna mess with her IMPACT in middle school hoes used to call me a Mandingo warrior Ratchet hoes.
that these hoes just find their own relationship instead of ruining others Wise up RINO pussies, real leaders like Rand, Cruz, Lee, Bachmann etc.
Id be the best prostitute and madam EVER.
Hey, if you got pussy, you shouldnt be broke, right?
LMAO JK i eat da pussy better than a lesbian.
i was fat as hell and was a band faggot.
Thank god i played sports after 6th grade and didnt stay in band HAHA!!!
You fuckin retarded commies!!!!!
is full of white trash was STRAIGHT Thats why the killed him.
lol Thots be like only great thing these bitches can offer so A1 niccas be Tryn talk like me hoes thinkin they bad even if they are I will tell her bitch calm down u average u better cook and clean for me bitch.
is full of white trash Spanish bitches suck dick by 11 and have babies by 15 because theyre already fine and dressing slutty.
Celebrate over 1 BILLION bird deaths and blame it on you fuckin .
i kno she pussy whipped that other nigga into putting a ring on it....
bitch is running a hundred meter dash on this niqqa WHOS ACTUALLY TAKING HIS TIME WALKING u still get killed
Valerie Jarrett, so I control my reflex to bitch slap her.
but hes still a lil bitch though.
fuck you!
How yall bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings?
why should I be slapping this hoe tuh solve something, ima leave it alone..............I never usually listen to myself is a bitch.
is still a bitch.
if u was talkin to my nig or smashed da homies Youre a hoe.
Stop focusing on sucking dick, focus on getting rich ......ITS ABOUT SHARING .
It not about hogging the like a fuckin gasbag son of a bitch.....
with DCYOUNGFLY Dirtymoney24 damn that bitch a BAB!!!!
nomg I fucked panties again...............
Niggahs telling hoes Im down talking them just so I cant get on Alls niggers wanna do is fuck, tweet, and drink pineapple soda all day Are you...
retarded?
is full of white trash on you pussy naz ay i tried to tell naz!!!
son of a bitch moment when you finally get in bed and your bladder decides its time to piss son of a bitch moment when you turn the radio on and your favorite song is on but its the end of the song son of a bitch moment when your walking through your house in the dark and stub your little toe on the wall when you leave your car windows down and it rains in your car and looks like hurricane katrina ran through that bitch people who are NEVER happy and bitchnmoan 100 of the time.
how to play deez niggas n bitches dat be snakes give her all da dick U gotta half stroke da pussy bc if u dump dick on dat bitch she gon become extremely anoyin lil bitch follow me !
You can fuck dem hoes but you better not love dem hoes.
Nigga nigga nigga nigga spic spic spic spic nigga nigga nigga nigga I made out with 3 bitches!
I hear they like diversity and tolerance.
is full of white trash.
the hoes I wasted time with it can make a bitch cheat up to four points on the scale of 1 to 10 .......start building SO FUCKIN BIG they can kill a whole flock of birds in one go .....tattoo our bitches to corrupt as many men as possible to and being a youre proud to be white trash There are a few badd ones but idk..mixxed bitches is really where its at tho LA palm trees and great weather Any were else horrible weather and no bitches
bitches in this bitch 40st and Washington space A80 leaving hoes w KILLED HELLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yourself into s pockets are MERELY a indicator that SOMETHING IS WRONG Do not celebrate as unique indiviuals for they are is a job for white trash we dont love these hoes bitch anyone from Jersey Shore is famous.
I should go be a guido shitbag if it means money for my family.
snappy pappy and his bitch 3.5x2.5 good thing sable paintbrushes this bitch has his nose pierced dont care got my everywhere, Im a Im a , Im totally full of
Facts be damned should be the teabagger motto bitch GET AT ME witcha bitch pussy pussy inda hood ona sofa.wit plastic on it can get it but Im chilling till da bitch hit me up but niggas is bitches tho Boy niggaz b so bitch made u cud kiss em n da mouth!!
,,,,,, Anal gaping tranny play panty nylon part ,,,,,, BBC Anal creampie bitch ,,,,,, Blonde tranny ass fucked ,,,,,, Hardcore british queer anal pounding ,,,,,, Brazilian BBW Babe Drilled in pussy and ass ,,,,,, ebony babe pussy ,,,,,, Caught a girl rubbing her pussy in nude beach ,,,,,, Cute preggie slut big tits plays with swollen pussy ,,,,,, Up Another pussy close up ,,,,,, Squirting pussy and fingered asshole ,,,,,, amateur pussy player milf close up ,,,,,, cumshot on beauty pussy closeup ,,,,,, pussy fuck close up ,,,,,, Young Japanese girls hairy cunt cre ,,,,,, Spicy Oriental Paki Brunette sucks an un ,,,,,, ebony texas bbw with big deep pussy ,,,,,, Erotic and wild tits and pussy fucking ,,,,,, Blonde tranny whore gets rammed and facialized ,,,,,, Dude fists his wifes big pussy ,,,,,, More lovely sounds of fisting a loose pussy ,,,,,, Whipped Cream Fisting ,,,,,, 21 year old hairy pussy cumming on fingers ,,,,,, Hairy Florence shoves a dildo in her hairy red pussy ,,,,,, Hairy pussy ,,,,,, hairy pussy ,,,,,, Hand job and cum on rubber pussy ,,,,,, Amateur boy fucking bitch hiddencam ,,,,,, Candid pussy shots from a hidden c ,,,,,, Home made.
My wife rubbing her pussy ,,,,,, Using my submissive bitch outdoor.
Home made amateur ,,,,,, my baby pussy ,,,,,, Pretty young Japanese girls hot cunt fucked c ,,,,,, Young Japanese girls hairy cunt creampied ,,,,,, korean girlfriend pussy ,,,,,, Latina chick gets her pussy pumped ,,,,,, Latina mature Big pussy ,,,,,, Latina with tight pussy ,,,,,, Lesbian girl eating pussy ,,,,,, Bitch in lingerie getting her wet cunt pounded ,,,,,, A very hot black tranny is mastu ,,,,,, Old bitch pleases hotlooking young stud ,,,,,, german milf getting young and old cock in her pussy ,,,,,, Small tits ghetto whore fucking with not her stepdad ,,,,,, Hairy Alicia Silver Tinslee Reagan hairy pussy ,,,,,, homemade pussy eating Dont tell me if my gf was a hoe before me, if Im happy.
if you a hoe an try to get serious with someone dont expect to be anything more then a piece of meat to them me being a bad bitch to when i used to be good at rapping...now ima bitch to being bitches drinking Mikes bc we sucked my bitch Nah we not gonna sit down we gonna walk it out bitch.
bitch get naked.
bitch!
all the bad bitches bitch ..everytime I come in the kitchen you in the kitchen, in the goddamn refrigerator.
Eatin up all the pussy sick of guys who sing like pussies.
if u a real bitch!
100 bid to go on a date with Zack Morris oh that dreamy son of a bitch 3 bud Lites and 4 well shots at the bar tn, plus Im giving away a trip to Las Vegas.
So if youre not a cunt come visit me at Bourbon St 60 torch down the drain cause either I was to high and lost it or one of my niggas finessed that hoe fuckkkkk ittt A piece of pussy I love salad RT Anyway fuck you hoes, eat a salad.
Every bitch n my passenger seat I dun fucked at least one time dirty whore.
This hoe got a school shirt on sucking dick A lotta fck niggas on this here Twitter.
Really be talking like bitches.
These bitches started shooting at my party.
Fuck New Orleans bitches giving back rubs ?
never been a coon grew up with bokoo coons tho but never was 1 I did some coon shit tho Nigga was smashing his hoe, had his hoe paying for a condo and he still with her Yep Fucboy watching niggers fight on YouTubeVineIG Dont like me ???
Have a with the rest of the bitches waiting for me to give a fuck Id rather be called nigger than a uncle tom or a mark Bet yall bitches was deaf to MC Lytes words about being treated like a queen huh Onea yall b!tches gon end up dead over a screen shot thinkn that sh!t funny...aint too many niccas gon laugh at that b!
congrats youve turned a hoe into a housewife, dont get shitty when your guys start singing they hit it first.
got ur bitch tip toeing on my marble floors.......
omg just thinccin of you makes me laugh, we use to STAY talking shit in 3rd period, you cute, you my bitch you needa stop sucking dick hoe OMG LIL B FOLLOWED ME YASSSS
bitch he follow everybody shut yo ass up hop off hoe.
lmao my nigga .
ugh bitch I love you that A S S your just simply FLAWLESS I remember when you cute a peice of your hair hella short pussy ride dick like she a Jamaican .
on the pussy Loyal pussy .
my bitch is the most important thing.
All this temporary bullshit and lies is fa the birds.
Fuck u honkey Gucci b having me on my rude shit Lol thats not nice that bitch aint worth a quarter Mimi too old to be covering her titties during sex bitch you childish LMFAO If you watching porn beating off yo homie text u it show his name in the banner youre a faggot bruh these hoes gotta be stupid.
SOMEBODY GONNA DIE theres a bitch on NJT setting up a lean as we tweet Yall have boring sex.
I lick the side of my bitch face when Im hittin it from the back Of course cooders nudes are trash.
My stomach in pain like a mufucka This the nigga thats rating bitches 310?
bitches get stuff done.
played that nigga smh bitches are so shady...
oh my god No bitch go away tu puta madre bitch was mad af I hate you!
Cyrus ho is a rookie slut.
when youre trying to relax but your pussy is shooting out light beams Murda out here sucking bitches ?
bitch if youre the hobbit you need to let me know right now these folks so bad.
brittany bitch u my dog man smh bitch sellin her ass That pussy is just....
imma assume she just had a baby like..the day before you a faggot if you eat pork chops.
McNair had brisket sizzlin on the grill when his side hoe laid the Uzi game down Mexican bitches shaped like silly puddy!
tacky ass little bitches Them 1st 48 Charlotte goon niccas gon Fkkk around and burn Bank Of America stadium down My fucking god bruh, the birds from southridge are in front of my house.
I have to explore the pussy out there Lmfao WTF kinda pussy my mom think I got, buying this shit.
Hood hoes love Harrell football team bucket Trash All you bitches is my SONS I hate when people get on my bad side cause I honestly dont like to act like a bitch On a leash Just pussy your my BFFL.
I love you ya funcy bitch I went Finna be faded shaded on ya C Day
haahaa ,dumb bitch Still cant see what niggers see in them white hoes....
dont do this everrrrrr so many pretty bitches coming to my birthday dinner niggers Before any moves are made...
my black ass must take a nap!
Every week them hoes partying !
I see them hoes in every city partying for an event U bitches tripping smh youve been a good as friend to me , glad I got your honkie ass.
Lets fuck shit up this year I hate ya bitch ass So the new wave is bitches wearing mini shovels on their hand cunt bitches they get bat or sumn ak voice damn roaches got dicks n pussy to be doing this lol???
swear to God bitch Im bouta delete my twitter account My Co worker talking about whats my twitter name Oh no hoe you could never screen shot me to the boss Fox8 got dem bitches huh!
this fucking bitch Rachel needs to die please ugly bitches get no love I be thinkin Errbody wanna give me some pussy!
Yass bitch Yass Too soon?
When you wake up to bae being a hoe on the TL But wait if he got a ole lady and still quenching yo girl is he a unfaithful water fountain for hoes?!?!
Yall be tweakin wit that WCE shit.
Aint no way in hell u like that bitch every single day.
Welp The prettier bitch usually loses lol this Is science Niggaz get free pussy off of bounce beats alone!
Foh Good pussy dont neva get tired!!!
I swear Niggas use to step one foot off the bus and bitches would be like NEXTTTT Bae go text your hoes Me Brees been trash since this....
Im a people person that bitch is from Moreno Valley........
They recruited buku fags in here!...a warehouse is no place for them!
I think all dem hoes on LAHHH regular....my co worker was messing with Omarion bm these hoes selfish Niccas yall need lives, money, pussy, hobbies, or sum guidance ...
Bunch of Petty miserable dick n a booty ass Boys ...
Every girl got a and fake gay til its time to eat sum pussy.
But Im not me lol Oh this bitch Midy must be crazy well damn..
Moment of silence to get yall bitches thinking right?
this vodka be having all the hoes bent over Yall excited about that strip mall being built in Louisiana and Claiborne??
That bitch gone be in fiya!!!!
Dont do em with my girl lol So when yall in threesomes does your girl eat the pussy too?
Real Men eat pussy.
I dont want my man txtn, tlkn, lookin, yet alone speakin to you hoes.
yall hoes CANT BE Trusted It amazes me how niggas can fuck w EVERY bitch but when a nigga try to talk to his bitch he wanna cry about it I need answers you a little genius man i need you for a class so u can help a nig out but you cool af man Como se llama el nio ms delgado de Japn?
When people refer to their girlfriend as their bitch ....
I know how it sounds but its how we mean it lol Fuck east st john and all they fans, familys , friends
Shut yo bitch ass up Had to unfollow that bitch ..
thot bitch got me fired from Sonicshe mustve tweeted My brother is a bitch, pussy, faggot, etc.
If you got paid 2million dollars to eat a nugget of shit would u eat it?
Smash that bitch Lol bitch funny, i was over you from the min i tossed your ass to the curb a bitch is all ears...
My mama told me not to talk to bitches so...jk Bad breath aint cute not even if you a so called bad bitch and its usually cause by a shitty attitude unk aint ever lied Denzy tryna hoe broski Izzy no more chunky nugs for you he doesnt even hook it up like that.
Aye nigga, who tryna freestyle?
You arent even FUNNY bitch This bitch is looking dumber and dumber by the minute....
Let these hoes be great Woaaaahh that coat though lolnigga too warm in that hoe Lmao Dylan just got called a pussy by Mr O himself takes skill So you still rather have trash ass Geno Smith than Alex?!?
You sick man U still cant tell Alex sucks?
You blind man Watch Prust tries to hit Hank during break play pussy attempt by a pussy Fucking pussy Fuck the cowboys.
Some of yall hoes nasty yall find out yall sharing or shared dick with a dirty ass female and still fuck the nigga This is awkward u fag wonder whos awesome tank that is Been watching madea plays every night singing ass bitches ion wanna hear it, then hoes faker than Momma Dees teeth Aint that a bitch I Want You To Be Pussy Whipped Im yours Bro like I really enjoy like eating pussy from the back...
It makes it more nasty, I like nasty haha you like eating ass 2 Say Something is the one Drake song I have to listen to when Im in my feelingsfag Every female owns a thong If she wear thongs she a hoe lol both facts I cant stop being a lil bitch Another Jersey fail what a cunt
Dem coloreds be wack is this flappy bird shit a joke or...........
bitch I hate girls who get drunk dont turn into hoes fvckin waste of alcohol Shout out to my momma cuz she didnt raise no hoe!
no hoes just me My Anaconda Dont My Anaconda Dont My Anaconda Dont Want None Unless You Got GOALS Hun Smh .
White Ass niggah .
I wish i had my dad in my life but the bitch ass nigga still think im not his child!
LMFAOOOO but damn thats sad cuh !
Hoes really do b birds man this new to you?
bitch get out dem feelings and get some new dick My momma aint raise no hoe
You a bitch!
Hey watch it cause i look great bitch, fuck you mean?
Im suppose to eat yo booty bitch wym I cant remember all the girls Ive smashed On God.hoe shit Not technically, it takes .
I cried like a bitch after my first breakup.
Never loved again lol Chad Jordan in this bitch Im crying Grandmas always b asking you Do you have a girlfriend???
No....I got hoes tf you mean real shit.
bruh im telling you if she got zebra print bed sheets 910 she a hoe I have no hoes because yah nigga aint shit Bitches love throwing that irrelevant shade go sit lil bitch .
Too many lil niggas on my TL.
boosie got hoes Ill beat the pussy up, thats a hook right thur Jose ur mean I said ily stfu hoe girls are fucking retarded my back started cramping up man its the double ds Theres a difference between being actually crazy aspiring crazy real shit .
I cant stand fake crazy bitches man I was bouta text all the bitches that ever told me that lmao you should If u ask me, every bitch gayor bi First time with 3.
u need to be in someones church negro!ur absolutely right, but I work Sundays but still no excuse.
Police just tried to Rodney King a nigga...happen to my nig out here Vienna sausage clit
I suck dat bitch.
Dont yall eva believe a colored man dont eat no pussay lesbian pussy taste like rainbow trout!
Im nervousbitch you better not be we was drinking out same bottle Theres starving children in Africa but this bitch using bananas to plug her butt hole smh wtf?
We not listening to Keef all night I feel you its too early, dont annoy me dont come back from ya fun filled weekend and give me attitude hoe These hoes gon come go, i feel it.
When life knocks you down, stand the fuck up and say You hit like a little bitch.
I fo da colored folk dying from dis shit food haha imma catch Ebola Trynna keep myself warm lol ewww bitch well stay far away from me Sum wrong with the pussy Sweetssmh you tweaking rich homie is trash you damn near still listen to lil b wow On some real shit if I catch this bitch its game on.
Yall hoes messy on god !nbs LMAO Tempted to send this fuckin hoe lmao I wanna go to this lil shit tonight...but the way how bitches faces be set up ...I be wantin to slap em when I see them Kannie Vonnie some Tiny ass bitches I HATED when you and crissi started calling us little body bitches in Hawaii One wrong move and consider your bitch mine bitch what u gone say bitch for.
Were on the phone bitch.
Cuz to the let these Mfs know I really hate this bitch, but she knows me best I hate a bitch that like to argue n shyt....
Vietgoddamnnam, thats what happened!
Go get me a beer, bitch!
I need 1 they can build ur seriously a fagdont hate stupid bitch!
its Brandon motherfucking reason.
Hes a bitch nigga WAKA TAMMY JUST GOT HER ASS BEAT...
Ctfu how Niggas be they dont ever have they bitch back If a bitch tweet I lose interest fast slide in her DMs cause she a Thot good looks Trying to run game on me u dumb bitch !!
her tho I know I must make a lot of yall hoes sick all I can tell you hoes, get used to it bitch!
Cimarron got one he got ALLLL the bitches Im just a bitch for no reason.
I think Im funny sometimes if by marrying her to avoid paying child support is a win then yeah lolwe dont see the hoes the same thats ok one of your side chicks came up 5k them bitches know where I live I be hiding from my cuz youre right Ill take girl on the right over Kim any day u support that hoe?
Fuck all the Heat bandwagon riders...
We know who you are u sound like the hoes mad they man cheated with a fat booty bitch If Miley really got knocked up by Juicy J that shit is wild....
didnt he say u say no to ratchet pussy Juicy J cant If you have a different dude every other week you might be a hoe...
your not dont listen to him ladies shit like this is retarded.
Finally got a hot bitch to dance on me, came in my pants while she was grinding on me.
Lost that chanceUWMadisonlmao That one ex you cant seem to get over an is a cunt!!
Im tired of her corny vines, ugly faces, and stupid voices my nigga shes sexy lmfaoooo, bitch dont start.
Okay bitch helloooo bitch?!
Bitch no ones available upload our pictures.
Wat pictures bitch Where the hoes at shit u got em bitch thats ham on her face What to do after the game....home alone and nothing to do...someone come chill?
maybe go swimm ima do ya bitch We agree...
FUCK YES, I DO!
Send those illegal, wetbacks home!!!
TONY ROMO in my bitches I just wana eat some food.
And have a bad bitch waitin on a nigga when I return.
Black bitches turn 60 buy a hat and act like Jesus forgot they was fucking niggas in the park LOOOOOL Fuck driving stick, its gay as fuck shit pussies say If you aint got shit goin for ya self, what bitch gone want you yall bare hoes yall dnt care bout ??
I spent my childhood in a wild hood Im afraid of commitment A hoe ppl who think webbie betta then boosie jus retarded Anybody that gets traded straight up for Brandon knight is trash Omarion ol girl w this negative ass vibe !
I hate mamas like her hoe need to be I like how thinks Im talking to hoes..HELL NAH!
Lol my bad I forgot you aint got hoes like vdawg do I wish you were here...
Stop crying bitch Im omw back already haha Watching on bro you a HAN for stealing my tweet, bitch ass nigga Wassup twitter wassup bitch !!
I aint got no type, white bitches is the only thing that I like!
Hes weird buddys normal your weird bitch these hoes aint loyal
HELL YA THEY SHOULD MAKE MORE MALT LIQUOR ADS LIKE THIS.
Dis be heaven fo a colored man Why that hoe crying In her mugshot bruh All these hoes been passed around to a Cleveland niggah
White folk be all noyvous round coloreds You dont listen when I talk, maybe youll listen when I walk.
That bitch still wont listen Crip bitches b dusty asf Buddy drug the whole train lmao good ...
extra ass hoes hate them NY hoesme too now this hoe bad Reggie gives me headaches my niggah After you get done running train on a bitch thats on her period no thats nasty Im on my Y.U shit using LinkedIn at work b lmfaoo bagging them linkiden hoes lol How bitch how ?
fck you nigger lol jk bra Dej loaf ever bitch wc today, all it takes is a lil juice and these bitches want you Lol good now I got them nasty rednecks off my back I can take care of business he serious Ima whoop this boy!
Its nothing you bean head ass bitch Hell naw.
Loltrash as hell I saw a girl scratch her private today..
Im fucking tired.
Ending the night with some rips so much for hitting me up bitch If yo pussy stank u wasnt raised correctlylmao Phat pussy looks like a scrotum Everybody entitled to they own opinion tho.
Not that bitch she need to shut up sit the fuck down huge nips scary me they scary me too Mental Asylum in Dallas Texas, 1980s.
Tea bag a bitch.
Pahahaha If I posted pics of everything I do in my life yall hoes would fall in love !dont kill em Channing 53 200 lbs aint thick bitch, you a fucking warthog You fat bitches needa stop biting your lips when you take pictures.
Yall look hungry, not sexy.
how bitches be looking the first day of school.
LIGHTSKIN MF LMFAOOO ight white bitch lol And happy to be hoes too.
Smh.better than being in denial fucking white people bitch wut?
All the seniors young side hoes gonna be at graduation like Realist bitch to ever step foot on a soccer field every team has a bitch like this When the nigga with the aux cord playin some trash shit bitch in the middle look like a daddy long leg how black bitches drive when they song come on All yall some fucking coons Aint my gf you lil nigguh stfu glory be to GOD then lmfaooooooo What these bitches want from ah nigga If Beyonce Kim Kardashian have no problem sucking their mans dick then you average looking broke bitches shouldnt neither if u say ur a mermaid it obviously means ur pussy is fishy Im Dres a bitch tho Oh my dogs pussy is so tight, time to loosen it .
When you go down to eat the pussy and it smells tangy Ima just block you hoes out!or block em either one lol Its my dogs birthday you should get it a bad bitch find a loyal ho
fag but Tony Bored as hell.
Shoulda answered my phone calls bitch i rather be bored.
suck my dick.
You gotta fuck every race just to see which dickpussy you like the best.
thot I couldnt hit a woman with a penis and pussy, I dont care how sexy or rich she is shit where you from
Lmao lexy such a hoe lmfaooo Eat her pussy nd look at her like this FML My period on !
Cant pop that pussy now huh?
Bet u didnt even have a date bitch, I just went and say in the corner They be hating on my girl tho, but they wish they was the bitch they hating this song go Bout to get a breasts reduction these bitches be in the wayso serious Can I bring anotha bitch or nah Damn this bitch always gets hit on by The hottest guys n makes them feel stupid i got called an ego kill lmao I minds well be a hoe for all that I aint mean like that girl lol lmao definitely not I was bout to say dont front bitch that shit a freeway no bitch hurry up lolim so hungry I cant focus ohhhhh yes bitch yesssu ready T?
woke up and bitches was not here lolI wasnt angry wit my hoes Ima show my ass tonight, I can feel it omgggg I was thinking the same shit bitch A lot of women who claim they are yellow are actually red, color blind mother fuckas Im yellow tho J Cole is trash.
Fuck him Lol.
Bout to ride my horse, to come fuck yo bitch.Ooh em tho When yall hoes going to learn how to spell coolin my nig voice uhhee laugh Yeah you played me, Yeah you got what you wanted.
But jokes on you, You about to be a daddy bitch.
Honesty is all I ask for you ugly then a hoe then Bouta let Banko kno, Im goin be a Ronneagle bitch When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites thats me thirsty ass done w.
All these fuck niggas snip snip hoe stfu Bol that called the girl a bitchOharrd coo Im both of them tho Wow, putting a whole manifesto up using TwitLonger.
Hey hoser....how many will you adopt?
because I thought Jay Z would hit her yeah he is known for sockin a bitch or 2 Good pussy have a Nigga like funniest thing Ive ever seen on my tl Yall so fuckin trash yo!!!
man them niggas gonna win the skins trash I should be the Global Ambassador of SOMETHING!!!
I put ppl on des nuts hoe ahh nigga Boutta walk out on these hoes these bitches bound to get hurt, cause a lotta these niggas be playinhell yeah lol what else do we have in common nigga hate sleeping in the heat summer is for the birds null bruh they both alive thats hans bitch who died
Oh well FBD This hoe waited until she got 45 to make a sextape chile..
Say bitch you pussy bitch get outta here dumb ass lmao wulf bitch thank you Liking all my pictures to get a follow ass bitches I might fuck around and fuck yo bitch eat her ass when your steal her so youll be a real ass nigga This weather need to not flag today!
We trying to 50 zip a bitch tonight yessssirrrrr The day you unblock me you will become a man again.
But that wont happen so you just a bitch.
Bet you wooonnnttt stick dat hoe Sleep over with guys doesnt mean we gonna fuck.
TRUST ME youre a bitch for denying them pussy You the Real MVP thats wat ya bitch said when I finished Burnt pussy lips gal in the blue throwing it The bad bitches are only bad until they start talking anyway.
He Preaching 50 with 30 hoes on my dick you have learned from the best Sit in there and shit dnt sing hoe .
U the dummy taking a pic When Im in that pussy, honey Im home!
Sexy bitch, hope she bout it Yall are so confused these days.
somebody put that hoe in a dress a majority of my news feed is people arguing about what it means to be a redneck You can be a hoe without having sex, ask any of the girls texting alotta niggas at the same time.
Some people just cant handle my excessive use of the work cunt.
Mines cause I say fuck Repost .
A simple minded ho made this pic I bet If I couldnt trust some of the homies how could I trust these hoes?you cant lol These hoes out of control Im drunk, Im bout to bitch.need a ride?
Versace Versace, I talk shit on twitter and so that bitch blocked me Ginobli dropping them bitches like a Delta line.
Stop lying to these hoes bro..
That shit annoying Eliot was a pussy.
MMMMMETHER My bitch bad shes a Puerto Rican what song is that pretty boy face
Awee thanks faggot We out!
Feelin like Yung Jeezy in this bitch!
LMAOOOO bitch ima shake til I cant nomo fuck you ugly lol show them teeth bitch fuck u lol , be cool son.
You know your grandma bald mouthshe got all her teeth hoe mo bitch the special Ed Darlene from backatown GN they cant fit on that small ass street sonbitch you know what happen last time we was onyur st Going dumb on this essay bitch you sad.
I fucked up in the 6th gradeyeah bitch you wants to fight me with yo dawg ass Yall on my TL need to be sleep yall got school tomorrow bitch I got straight As ion need to go i dont een tryna be disrespectful when i say bitch.
its just a term, like bruh or son you not gone leave hoe the next time I see this bitch Im beating her ass.
lol fuck up bitch get out mi house Bad bitches is the only thing that I like it aint bundles soooo nopeit is bitch she happy hosting No yu cant get no money yu silly hoe...
These Niggaz bitches hiding behind gangs they aint in DONT Say Shit Else !
the dumb bitches that live here Dudes shaving without it being for an athletic purpose is gay af youre retarded.
or hes eating it cuz hes with a women who just cant cook then u gotta get rid of that hoe Im going to miss these bitches so much far right she resting on ol girl booty yall funny as shit You was with the bitch with the fat ass only way to live when u young that shit gonna get old tho and have a lot of dents in it Marcus bitch ass aint loyal at all!
Team hopping ass !!!
Hoe fax type yo bitch number in google to see if it pops up on back pagE
Soul autocorrect hoed me bitch U TRIED IT .
U deserved every foul word that came out Chris mouth bye hoe One last shot at this love shit then Im dogging you hoes negro, you wear a size 5...Im in a 12Im at a 6 now still growing whats good, family?in the gym looking at hoes hit u later Birthday Weekend starts today Shut yo hoe ass up Bitch niggas pay for hoes just to lay with hoes relax one night youll pay to stay with hoes if your wardrobe consist of mostly leggings, yous a hoe guilty In the mall with yo bitch and yo money Im getting me somethin Eat a lot of protein Eat a lot of pussy
Eat the whole ass Im jakes bitch When you live this gay, you cant be afraid of two black dicks in your butt you fucking queer A lot of you males need to dress up as real men for Halloween since yall be acting like bitches all year.
You want to be a little bitch, than ima treat you like a little bitch.
Water polo is so fucking hard yeah if youre a pussy Edward did OSS, he sparkled bitch reality who the old bitch??!!
hoe I love the song John Doe faggots I hate when bitches do that who are you talking to shit like clearly you.I be like BITCH WIT DA RED DOOR HOE Just got done with my last final and Im walkin around campus like I own this place queer.
Well Im going to sleep fag They not evn hoes in silence anymoreproud of it ....
then want respect When you fuck her GOOD she trip even more good dick makes a bitch go crazy so many hoes, thats whypreach If a photographer doesnt have a back story on how he started, he did it for pussy Ive sounded like a fag the last few days your emotions are inspiring girls w fat pussy slim waist fat ass n innocent smiles truuuuuu You can be Seminoles but not redskins?
KSeminole tribe got an agreement with them..fsu pay them to use the name Who that pussy wet for ?
liquor in her hand weaaakkklmfaooooooooo I was crying why amanda bitch ass eva cheat on fizz fine ass?
ion geddit theres more to a nigga than his looks..
you should feel disrespected if a bitch try to suck you up with dry lips.
Yall bitches switch a roo niggas !!!
Yall hype that bread loaf chick up but Im a chill a dyke rapper Cowboys win games during the regular season but when they get to the playoffs that trash af lol hating ass nigga Having 0 bitches really the waveshaq you got all the hoes Niggas want a good girl but still wanna fuck with hoes but that aint gone work.
Gotta pick one boy stfu Splash onna bitch Wednesday tomorrow them Damn browniesI swear lmao Mom Dont call a girl a bitch.
Me And somebodys bitch too White kids favorite activities 1.
Calling people niggers on Xbox 2.fucking their pet 3.
Shooting up their school Smh bitches are such haters !!!
How dare they do this to her YOOO LOOOL Throwing lamps at bitches who need to lighten up.
True dat Using y mx b to measure the slope of that ass girl.
on my way to fuck ur bitch on my way to fuck ur bitch My brother a faggotsmh Dnt blame niggas when a female see ya hoe ass ways.
Go listen to some JT Money fruitcake Bout time Some of these chicks dont want a man, they just want support.
Tell that bitch to get a bra When the pussy stank Remember this bro?
dont show people this Uhoh you got the hoes lol Yall I found this letter on my car.
That white pussy uhhh get ya No longer a side bitch Spitting on people just shows you werent raised right.
In another words its a bitch nigga trait.
spongebob out here beating bitches up A relationship is only made for two..
but some bitches dont know how to count.amen to that!
Why is everyone who thinks youre an unfunny pandering jizzbag automatically a troll?
And he hate colored folk Darkskin Girls Ugly ass bitch Its like when a bitch gotta pretty pussy but its loose .
the white girls u should holla at but Nooooo brothas go for the ugliest bad built hoes ever how young is this hoe with a mm pillow FYI my favorite type of bitches.
Small titty bitches pierced nipples look like staples.
lmao Ready blow this bitch down me 3 rellos I couldnt find anything to hold my hair up let alone put a pony inno bitch I said post a busted pic Iont got no typebad bitches is the only thing that I like aye Im just living life I try to keep all my bitches on lay away same way I feel Trust these bitches ?
Nah Is it wrong if I get on this bitch and started talking shit ?yes!
Aint nothing better in life than meeting a hoe with a full time jobdont let her have her own benefits nigga what Boney as shit right I seen em walking down the street Ctfu I was in the crib tho!
He a lucky nig.
I heard thigh gaps is a way of telling if a bitch pussy is loose.
I threw them hoes away you also just threw yo life awaybruhhh lol haha hahahahahahahahahaahah deez nuts bitch Hate driving in the rain.
you can drive deez nuts in your botch mouth hoe Your opinion is irrelevant because youre a cunt.
True nothing shuts up libdog bitches who like to bark at anything THATS CALLED...PREACHING THE TRUTH!
I hate a nosey bitch....some more than others i got money , guns , gold , bitches nd stacks nigga fuck this net beef have my shooters get at niggas a Bring dat Friday den If a bitch comes for me I hope she bout all that slick shit she yapping about Thuggin Im finna eat some pussy lmao A new breed of white girl...
she slammed that bitch A Bitch Couldnt pay me to get dem pregnant again fr fam ion see how niccas out here poppin kids out Niggas want pussy.
Thats cool Hahahaha do it bitch!
If she buys you a tattoo, wife that girl this bitch bitches saying ray rice got what he deserved but just a month ago wanted this man free bitches be like, messy bun.
When she ask how imma eat her pussy Girl you eat mo pussy than me girl you shoulda been a nigga thats that jam Leave all the bitchin to bitches Last night was well..
Fun lmao you got some pussy didnt ya Vern unfortunately no lol Yall females love yall a bum nigga or a jail bird..!!!!
you lucky ashit if you got the shawty you want ..
a niggah just tryna keep her dont get on bro when bae textin another nigger Who else thinks lip biting is fucking sexy?
until that bitch bite too hard put a hoe out once for that these the kids that call you nigger on xbox when he makes u his WCW his hoes favorite it Females that know they are hoes really the coolest chicks....all sex asideslmao They game is over fuck yall bitches yall attitudes It might be Some of yall females pussy wet cause he cried smh I say bitch bad, woman good, lady better Lupe?
maybe cuz your putting trust in a bitch not a lady.
or maybe because this a fucking song shut the fuck up, you fucking trash nigga, work on another ring in the yellow is rock hard Everybody Loves Dej Loaf cause thats wifey fuck off kaya dats my bitch.
I live in constant fear of being shit on by a bird well this actually fucking happened to me before sooooo.
I surrounded my bad bitches I cant keep them out my face Dr gero made android 18 to destroy da world das sum bitch nigga shit I would program a girl android to gimme sum neck 247 Dumb bitch award goes too ....
I let my girl handcuff me to the bed thinkin she gon do something freaky this bitch went through my phone What if pussy treated condoms like cars treat seatbelts and kept beeping until u put it on?
You havent had ONE gf since, u just been fckn hoes huh.
stop being a whiny bitch you fck like a hoe so no thank you .
Ima be classy when I do it bitch Im dead I hate how some of you bitches come to school musty .
Like how tf you walk out your house stank ?
Your mama aint shit Jealous bitches be like ....
dont subtweet me hoe Yall big braid gelled baby hair havin bitches look like Dashiki from Dont Be a Menace ...
This is not up for discussion Na If you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn couuuuuch but your birthday is in Feb or naa?
Nope Im so dead why you hoe me idk I just felt like flaming you lol go to sleep bitchstfu I really only like like 3 people in this town, everyone else is a faggot me me me Better not have any bitch ass people in my classes tomorrow damn they got wifey
Fall back nigga ..
I dont share my hoes When you catch your girl doing some hoe shit behind your back them Wet say trav see if they got them hoes in Cali I will send you my money This bitch childish af one of my sisters wouldve had to crash her Nigel, you dont think he knows what he did was dumb?
Shut your bitch ass up Fucked your bitch and left her like...
yasss when a bitch get paid tho as long as she dnt act crazy Half yall hoes still got nut in yall baby hairs , shut up Nobody wants to be with a bum except bum bitches Ur ex girlfriend is a slut fr f dat hoe Ladies If a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend .
Some hoes not gonna let you come over until you spend money on themlisten Beef is when a bitch titties looking like they sleep...
Today was a long practice bitch no it wasnt Food Pussy
but pussy Food
so food pussy.
bruhh you sound like a basic white bitch Typical hoe costumes 1.
Themselves Uh excuse me bitch, you dont need to shout.
smoking skating twerkingIm innat hoeyas I hate this shit like why yall bitches think thats cute?
clothing violation Miss you pussy I smoke like 20 backwoods a day cop dem bitches by da box woe already going how I look at side hoes when daddy walk in the room.
u r gey af.
You dumb bitch how guys say I love you cant stand a playin ass niggabitch The hoes love...
lol Lover old bitch Shavonne was doing ballet in the middle of the street last night and fell bitch it wasnt ballet I want pussy for dinner When her nudes trash you gotta draw clothes back on her and send em back hoes be like omg i love my new comb thought this was Perro knee asscrow ass slut hoethot whore I feel like twerking This is why yo pussy stank Kanye might be the first nigga to successfully save a hoe.lol this a original .
Tweet 10 under in Miami is a keepernot hard to find them hoes just like to brain wrestle Quote this with a weezy verse youre like a bitch with no ass you aint got shit You just ugly AF stick to one Rt This new avi trash or nah You goofy Only goofy niggas simp over chicks with community pussy..
Always tryna degrade girlsshit when really..pussyass is almost all yall think about so shuuutt iittt .
Im never wearing my headband again either!!!!!!
but you dont hoop like a lil bitch tho...
This single shit so boring suck it bitch Trenton Gossman is the sexiest hillbilly I have ever seen Crying over a guy on Thanksgiving?
Nah bitch pick your head up, you making the turkey soggy.
Thanks AShanni pats turkey dry Good pussy be making a nigga have to regroup pull out and get your thoughts together I ate oomf pussy her Ion care about none of these bitches Never seen so many perfect bitches til I made a Twitter but Im a boss ass bitch ..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..
agreed, eating pussy is so much betterthey both Nasty fuck a dats my bitch , not my crush All I want is bitches, big boooty bitches I dont like a ghetto female If Jennifer Hudson can lose weight anybody can you fat ass hoes!!!
Stop giving a nigga pussy he stop actin like he care no true totally ...
All I wanna do is go workout then come back home and lay in bed jerk off, kill two birds with one stone.
An orangutan once tried to have sex with actress Julia Roberts.Smart monkey Ever met a bitch that fucked with your nigga but was to pussy to admit it ?
A bitch for a bitch.
I just made that interview my bitch.
Lol we dont love these hoes Fuck a bad bitch id rather have a good girl whos a freak just for me 1010 times single af we dont care youre ugly anyways me pussy I dont love these hoes we When you try to smash but that pussy stank Im not a bitch like lol sorry not sorry, tried to give him a hint that I didnt want to speak to him so idc .
Shut up, faggot.Set himself up I got a natural mean face i be havin mean mugs and ion even be knowin bitch shut the fuck upright All I want for my birthday is a female with a large buttocks.
Big booty hoe My sister shittin on you hos once again wodeh bout dat action LMAOOO I find this shit so funny yall hoes aint content with working it out with one nigga boring U look like a cotton picker tho
About to put in field work damn dee got all the jokes wassupbyebitch you outta order This bitch lying to me messy yess Alyssa you ignoring me bitch but you better text me back cause Im serious !fuck u smokey Im about too put sooooo much nut in my fucking mouth and gts frfr bitch yu nasty im so winning.
bitch the boy told Lyssa make them 50 yes bitch and I need em these hoes be playing w me like I wont send baby Cain at they niggah !!yesss messy.
Shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch Iz no point in being jealous cuz dee hoes for everybody Oomf a hoe hopper What things do you love?
Smh AWWWW SHITTTTTTT How I lose this sweet..you aint lose it you hide it lmfao Viri tryna smoke that hoe to his self Boy...
Kyrie fast than a bitch with the ball look like you out there lollol I wish hahaha!
Never fear Captain SaveAThot is here to save that hoe happy birthday little bitch.
only bitch you can Snapchatt is me these hoes aint loyal no they aint Where the bitches at ,??
yeah where they at I dont know they probably at that Party I got the giggles because Im a fag, I aint gon lie lol you a bitchthey need to lock yo ass up for sayin some stupid shit like that No one likes i n d i r e c t ass bitches.
Boyfriends thatll eat yo pussy all day long
Ur da real mvp How you make a salad and have no vegetables on the bitch?!?
potato salad Im so happy in the morning after I shave my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick I be laughing when my ex be tryna stunt, bitch you forgot I went with you I know what you got dont got Wish tonight was purge so I can get to hunting Shut yo hoe ass up what if I tell yall Im trying to turn up for bayou classic bitch you got the id.
Lol I 4got rose been dat nicca tho Never forget.lol yee I was trippin bitch gotta work all hard to clean that shit without ripping her skin LMAOSJDUSUBEJS My friends are some insensitive bitches Im tryna get some snow day dick gon make a nicca have a wreck out there Tryn pull up on ya Like why tf is this bitch following me ?
that wasnt me hoe azz boi Im sniff sniff sorry sniff sniff what u did Mr bitches stop calling me that but I balled ion eat cat .
bitch what you gay for then Iont got not type ...
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like ayeee!!
Throw that ass in a sphere Niggas is hoes man I swear This hoe Mimi said I hurt my hand bitch her throat dis hoe BRI will fuck up a wet dream Pop up in the dream like u a hoe broski u gotta look at dat shit Lil bitty bitch lingo Shawty wanna charge for pussy but Im like whoa now turnt her on to cash she use to fuck for free Victor shawn legs dont hurt?
They jigg every damn night Lol someone told me I had hoes so I sent them this bitch im weakkk vic Fuck The Girls , Peep How He Change When A Nigga Squared Up Against Him bitch ass Nobody cares about KIRK Bosley noI care bout my cousin hoe Men hop in they feelings much quicker than women.
Not me I hop in ya bitch Bitch Im on, bitch Im on my griiind thug luuuuuuv My phone charging backwards retarded I want some pussy fb hoe loldamn next time be nicer .
Lmfao Right Idk which one was selling pussy for 65 but thats way too high for them ahhh you know who?
Im glad you speak your mind to these 2faces hoes Gave that bitch a bib since she wanna act messy im more excited about Boosie getting out than Valentines dayhe get Vday pussy allstar weeekend pussy and mardi gras I dont like Popeyes spicy chicken them bitches be on 10 boa you trippen I wonder if I oomf I be like I want fuck would I be wrong or you a be one brave as bitchone day Its so wonderful when you meet a dude thats not a bitch ass nigga these days yeah he lowkey loves me he knows hes ma nigga we dont love these hoes Im 2 much for these niggas and 3 much for these hoes Jordyn stays making fun of how I eat like a little bitch He did go in i was actually surprised he when that hard N the crib listen 2 my nig GEazydont diss my homie You aint special niglet When Im chilling wit Greg ppl walk up to me to ask me to take picshatin gotta buy those antislip shoes so these hoes wont catch me slipping grow up bitch they was cute Scrappy always on the reunion with hella hoes real nigga lmao if he has a girlfriend dont be a hoe and text him yanno who u r Dont really have anyone to talk to when things start going wrong...
Aight hoe ass nigga sydneys my favorite shes a nigger but I love her depressed but I got hoes same 7.
You still fucn ya ex?na that bitch corny About to go take over the A this summer.
Binging alll the fly bitches to bless atl!
I never get on twitter but when I do, I get in bitch fights with niggas.
where the fuck is your top lip in my pussy mane the skinny bitches was playin lol I had too take my weight class too another level Lemme find out you niggaz letting bitches shit on yo faces niggas is weirdos cigarettes are so gross half the bitches that smoke cigarettes I like down bitches Niggas talk more then bitches these days now bitch you know..
Lmaooo Fuck them texts!
Lmaooo courts texting rubbed off on me she used to be bitch bout it tho I need to find is both a damn job.
needs to find a bitch a jobright I DONT FUCK YOUUU u lil stupid ass bitch I AINT FUCKIN WIT YOU u lil dumbass bitch I AINT FUCKIN WIT YOU Are.
real yeah its really far and its alright if you like living by a whole lot of hicks haha im just a bitch ass elf I dont trust girls cant trust these hoes well we all know Victorias Secret now.
Yea and we all the Cocoa Puff bird fucking Paint brushes over Bugattis bitch paint me like one of your French girls niggah you friendzoned daaaaaaaam..
Jose is so fucking mean to me like damn bitch lol fuck you bitch im back at home now.
Niggas dont know bout them happy hour hoes My favorite time of da day HAPPY HOUR!!!
the bad bitches come out and the ok hoes at home doing makeup Gwyneth Paltrow you ugly ass big bird looking bitch, shut the fuck up.
Because we dont love these hoes they played a great job whos the retard now?
Yall bitches be popping babies out like its a sportstop what lol finger a bitch w my trigger finger nigga shut up Dora her table manners shes eating like a sloppy hoe!!?
Stop being such a bitch just demolishing this huge bitch is caring Just think if Alex won some games!
That sorry son of a bitch will never win us a game bitches so late ion exposed I feel sorry for whoever using Alyssa number to play phone games dumb ass hoes who aint got a life ill be a bitch when i have to be a bitch
PREACH bitches be set hoppin like bitch get your life for u get beat up lmao That pussy so wet she gotta dry outsidestop telling my business whens homecoming ho?
slut the 17th Asians have short beds, my feet are hanging off the edge of the bed cuddle me bitch Im right beside you u a regular nig, u played out b lol ima b Ig famousthese days that counts for somethin Congrats to kim k .this a great day for hoes everywhere Lol maybe I should give in nd date these hoes on dateslet me know how that work lol Imma pull up on you eat on that pussy and dip If you cant get pussy without lying to a girl you wack dont hate.
My daughter makes me with I wasnt a hoe from age 1825 u on a roll tonight pussy prolly taste like heaven Now maam ...
Every jawn on here been tryna have they pussy cop a feel on Dontes peen You know idgaf about a womans lingerie matching when I love hairy pussy so much Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap Pineapples on sale at publixhoes on sale tooup stairs I need ran theo and theo HOMIE rocking the cool I need some free shit or some hoes Stills get no pussy hes jus being rational a fag what class you in right now?
I need my headphones for seventh period Im serious bitch ass.ms.Trophenboum aw OMG this show made me cry Im such a pussy manyou really are brian stfu its twitter i could retweet anythingdont make me bitch slap you again Fucking slut
FOREAL, fuck dat bitch.
Might go to plaq hcbitch who you gone go with Im a faggot I agree I was heartbroken tx inniz ho.
Dont tell me what to do bitch why do bitches stand like this?
It dont matter where we at this nigga always tryna holla at a bitch where.
This bitch Gmfu.
Huh lol back then hoes didnt want me, now Im hot, they all on me.
I can believe that wiz khalifa and that one bald bitch are getting divorced Single moms got that proven pussy LOL fckd up but truuu Hate when a chick say go deeper when u already dishin out all u got Bitch wanna date the flyest nigga then be shocked when he has hoes lol Ladies what if a dude put two hands in your pussy and started clapping?
If all u offering is pussy dont be mad when all u receive is dick Things hoes say...
No one wants an ugly nigga, so youve got him all to yourself.
No more stressing over hoes lies !
yall partners in crime thats my bitch she cant ride solo u got hoes tho WERD WHERE No need to thank me, killing niggers is its own reward.
Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26 no you homo sorry I cant be straight like you and pull mad bitches me 3 you dont even lift pussy Half tempted to go outside and run my phone over with my car because its such a piece of shit.
do it pussy is it too early to put your face in some pussy?
Hes a pussy.
I want my ears to look like this I just want this bitches earrings lol I dont take people niggas bitches dont play about they niggas , specially they baby daddies No BS I used to be that fat bitch everybody made fun of look at me now I was made fun of for being ugly hoe If pussy is just pussy to you, you a nasty ass nigga..
Rethink that statement fuck me then bitch shut up and roll threw Im not saying Im for this but ..
Studs will fuck trannys but wont let they bitch strap them down you muhfuckas childish lol bitch I was fukkin wicha but fuck you nigga square up and Im fucking with you knowing I can picture that hoe in my head he good now knocked the wind out that boy noll nigga Im Talm bout Tt and juice me too!
Ion hoe Em Thot bitches wanna be wined dined like a wife but dont know how to earn it U hella gay u never did quit subbing fag haha bitch I think this hoe pressed or some shit righttt how many times we asked where they be??ok hoes do hoe thangs that new 1d song diana is well written well done boyzzzzzz bow down bitch Big oleeeee middle finger, bitch.
When people complain to me about prices Im just like bitch do I look like I make the rules?
I hate that bitch the fact that oomf likes her..
hes a hoe lmfao arent they all smuts ?
lmao Guys are hoes these days lmao dont fucking indirect me cause I can put you on blast whos subbin ?
need to get laid sike im celibate
bitches be like boot up.
for u hoe niggas so girls that take BC are hoes?
Rico be bored then a bitchdamn boy you watch me more than these hoes do Rico full of shytfull of money hoe MEN are the biggest hoes lmao there isnt one song on Blacc Hollywood I dislike.
Except the song with nicki minaj because that triffling bitch sucks Yea bitchdam!
This bitch comes right in gets tooo comfortable I never saw this yo my gut all out I hate u bitch ass nigga fuck you !
these hoes aint got no manners swear they emojis bangthats a trust worthy bitch its cute af bitch I believe u!!
Its jus getting pAss trusting u wit a needle to someone head lmaooo nooo hoeoh ok my name is stefanie ...
stefaniefuck u hoe this bitch tried the wrong one itll all go down hill from now All people ever do on twitter is bitch.
Get a mother fuckin diary.
I could write a book on the things hoes say.no way Jose Im driving myself insane.fag Females get irritated FAST fuck them hoes bitch I called yu back the lies well be togetheryu gt a job hoe.
He too rich to let that bitch get him mad like that!
Niggas dont think at all grown.
All that goes out the window when a bitch play with me.
Is it me or does Kim kardashian aint looking as good no morestill look better then these so called bad bitches a girl whos a hoe on Twitter How do you have a beautiful female and still find a way to fuck w ratchet hoes..
I dont get it would love the Parkside sport girls, dressed like Kobe all day everyday!
Let me see 1 of them hoes This guy said hes slept with 300 girls..
Oh ok let me puke now.I know a girl that had 70 dudes slutwhore not hoe every bitch tell me I act like a nigga..
whatever the fuck that means lol the bitch not responding,lol its cool imma get one I jus trusted that more Im not close to being your dude, master chan thats right bitch, bow down to your master I got hella hoes.
A nigga who gets alot of bitches is not gonna value you like someone else would, youre just another one lol.
drunk bitch lol If youre going to talk shit about my sister.
Dont play no pussy shit.
niggers Go text your other hoes
On a scale of 110 this bitch is literally a 6 this dude a fucking legend bruh, fuck her right in the pussy lmao true legendFuck her right in the pussy!
Just seen 2 pregnant bitches fight did the look like sumo wrestlers?
Obviously nobody cares bitch Donny a hoe
Im Trynna find a bitch with a fat ass Lool I agree RT the most fucked up show I ever watched was misfits wen Simone wifed that hoe was the saddest Just saw Ashton.
Waiting for Harry wtf bitch Id be all up in Ashtons grill you feel?
When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites I see so many mad hoes on the tl.
Tht shit should be illegal.tbh Shorty name is Masika and yall surprised she a hoe.
Wifey means The pussy good right now but you gotta go in 2 months.basically Bro my birds stay having sex , its on a daily now.he said look ma no hands Who clothes in the dryer?
Im tryna dry my clothesthrow them hoes out Lmao nvm thats right bitch go drink some warm milk and go to bed Bitch said I lie too much bitch you aint worth telling the truth too Ready for another tat doeeee .
Group chat bitches we call yall undercover Feds watching everybody smh they gotta grow up at least you know these bitches want to be you I swear When your ex hits you with that I miss you bullshit ...lol bitch die That hoe gone jam watch if you aint throwing ass bitch fuck out the party yo mama was confused when she had u lol ..
These hoes aint got no manners Same hoes is still at it, I shouldve known Fuck I look like ho?
I look like yes and ya look like no dont fall in love with a bitch yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing, bitch i be getting bread too The Kimberley story is by far the scariest story Ive ever heard!
pussy If fleek in yo vocabulary you a faggot Fake bitches I dont want your hugs Shine on them hoes look at my baby daddy I really hate Poly bitches.
I got bitches I am not a bitch, I am the bitch.
Bitch to you!
100 of the female population needs to stop being such a bitch Ya niggas play to fuck my niggas play for keepsthese bitches cant fuck wit me This was hung in the boys bathroom...
Dominic silly bitches.
If you dont have your read receipts on you a bitch the bitchyest bitch ever Dat bird bitchHEAVY BIRDCAGE BITCH byyyyyyrrrrrrrrrrrrr bitch aye and when the hoes start coming dont forget who put you on I wont !!!
you wont have to herd for hoes no more lol lmao I hope not this shit SCHRESSFUL Is hoe by association a real thing?
Shit yall already got one.
Lying about who you are ass hoes lmao I cant talk right now i got pussy on my tongue we single cuz only hoes are left..
All the good ones taken lmaoANY FEMALE ON THE TL THATS SINGLE..You a snobop in a relationship with the idea of you girls with trash love lives my ananconda dont want none unless u clean those shitty buns Hun shitty pussy ur pussy smell like dumpster juice wow you mean the niggaz i shot?
Ill give you 100k if u let any nigga smell your pussy and it dont smell like shit.
K Michelle pussy smell like shit
fat chance youll ever catch me drinking a beer same bitches Im outside your house this bitch lmfaooooo!!!!!
U bitch Im using that shit from now on.
wtf bitch!dasss why I aint come to practice Never worried about the next bitch.
Im tryna fuckin eat, fuck what you talkin bout DAMN I ALWAYS BE TWEETING YOU HALFASSED TWEETS I meant to say hoes still dont make sense..
My aunt said Im handsome fuck you hoesbroke I tend to have more sense that bitches older than me.
Do this hoe wanna fight right What hoes do I have tbh on the highest of keys
aint kissing any bitch anytime soon for the light weights pussies If you got netflix watch fresh that hoe live from now on my name is Chuck E Im not chuckie no more o u unfollowed me so i cant dm u, so ill say it here, youre a rude cunt lmao you can dm me I talk to any girl who paid over 300 for her sew in, show me u Atleast got some type of boss bitch in you lol wth Cute text ey bitch come over for some pizza No one wants to see curvy women Karl Lagerfeld he retarded Colts nation...put yall money upbitch chuassup we was just down 24 this is me so badly hahahah omg yall some pussies Lol rt.
If yo bitch dont read books or eat fruits...
all these bitches getting mommy money niggas too.
Thank you ass water !!!
If you already out of school, fuck you I hate you and I hope you trip on the stage at graduation hoe i want affection 247 but i also want to be left alone 247...
do you see the issue here?fag show a lotta love to my sisters tho but these bitches so predictable.
Im in trouble Niggas swear they love a honest bitch tho he salty bm nah lemme chill i love the bitches like trick love the kids you know this Nasty pay the bills bitch He told the bitch stop texting my phone my shawty crazy glad he know Did that bitch from Frozen ever let it go?
So that history test made me its bitch haha I just punched in the nose on accident because she just shocked the crap out of me bitch that hurt!!
If you do tax fraud you bet not dare tweet about voting bitchall of them tweeting they dont do politics Them Jew Lawyers and Doctors say Nigga ran?
Lolnope they say shit like queer though Why yall think its ok to be faggots?
and want us to be cool with them Dudes out here will try and fuck ya bitch behind ya back and tell you she aint good for ya its happend not one single bone in my body gives a fuck about what the next bitch thinks.
i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one raped.really bitchreally swerve Dumb ass bitches me next time How do people even get crushes on me.
Im like a total bitch.
look at my benz bitch Ive been the shit cool story bitch, now pass the blunt bitch This girl stress me out , ion even have no hoes shit I be saying lol Queen Latifah the only dyke id contemplate fucking..
lol love you little bitch When u want a cig but ur lovey gf wont go get them guilt trip city lil bitch why lie youre my nigguh out bitch Im winning I MOST DEFIANTLY WILL NOT let no bitch who FW a nigga I ALREADY HAD get the best out of me Fuccin wit my HandMeDowns shit I keep that bitch on me , its part of my fashion So nigga see me when you see me , catch me in traffic These bitches bound to get hurt cause a lot of these niggas be playing fuck your bitch ion have a bitch.
my sister is really going to fucken deny it but yet sprays the room with febreeze , like really bitch why are you going to deny it this bitch ask me why my jeans sag cuz they tryna hold my bandz up some of you hoes too...
when Tha bitches start hating thats wen a bitch lost me hoes round here just opening legs like Walmart doors when they say him they mean dyke Ron Mfw some rachet ass hoe drops some scripture or religious stuff on social media ..
when bitches be doing too much on twitter All jokes aside , Im goin thru it a niggah heart hurt smh .
All the hoes loyal And you know that I believe it , cause her pussy to mee...
And she dont fuck with many niggahs , she dont fuck with any niggahs .
Annnie say fuck that niggah , he soo weak !
August Alsina Deserved that My niggah .
Got me zonenn , I want this bitch next too me....
Pussy like ecstasy .
I want this bitch next to me , pussy like ecstasy .
Beat the pussy up till its red like rosters and after I fuck I get to moovin like the hoovas .
Being in love stressful ma niggah .
Bitch caught a body about a week ago !
Fuck with us and we get to tweekin hoe !
Run up on that niggah get to...
Broke Tf outta this niggah at 24 He stopped playen defense and all Cause these hoes aint loyal !
And niggahs aint either !
Cause these hoes aint loyal !
These niggas aint either , when it go down you callin for hitters that you...
Club solo 1 deep , fuck a valet cause I parked on the street , lordddd knows You cant trust these hoes ,...
Dont ask me if Im in my Feelings cause I aint no bitch I dont got those Tf .
Im sad , not in no fucking feelings .
Dont sleep on ma niggah CHood Elza M.
Jones Was whipppppppen and drifting last night lol we was tu this ma niggah Entertain a flirtin ass niggah if you want too , Thats gon be yo niggah friendly ass .
From Freshman Year to Senior year , this really my niggah started being brothers 4 years ago TODAY .
Fuccccck that was ma niggah from Cali swag R.I.P Jayare .
Fuck her right in the pussy Fucking on the first night dont make you a hoe .
Get some head off Twitter now niggahs thats bracken ima baby momma killa , yo bitch she can get it You...
Got niggahs salty at meeeee cause yo dream bitch is ma main slide Happppppy Birthdayyyy lol .
Niggahs is really 21 in this bitch .
Happy birthday to my main niggah right here We been at it for a minute same dreams of bein rich and we...
Hate a female that got the mentality of a niggah .
Have you ever had sex ina cherry red vet witha fat trap Niggah keep that pussy sooo wet .
Hoes on my mind , I fuck hoes all the time .
I aint trippen cause I like her anyways , she got a niggah and I got a girl but anyways , yea anyways I aint trippen off you no mo I done dropped you Knocked 4owe I could Neva be a foo for a hoe I put...
I dont like when niggahs be like where yo bitch at ?
Na Ill check you on that idc who you is , mine you...
I fw these niggahs everyday , Neva changed up , always been the same to a niggah .
Been thru shit with ma niggahs .
I guess a niggah just believe in ya thats proof for ya , can name a lot of things any other man wont do for ya...
I hate a Guesss who just tried to talk to mee ass bitch I just feel like my mouthpiece so cold Ill give lessons to every niggah that ever got turned down , for the low cost of 24.99 Hmu .
Them streets they fuck with me strong , and them bitches gon fuck just because money...
I rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh , That shit boring give me a wife .
I really dont give a fuck .
Once you start that You got hoes , you fuck with bitches shit Im deleting yo...
I still dont got the time for a bitch to be actin iffy .
I thinkkk shee knows , about , maaaa otheeeeeeeer bitch .
I told this niggah Maya Angelo died....
This niggah gon ask me is that the Red Ninja Turtle ?
Wtf .
I took the bitch down In the set , yo bitch get around in the set , I dicked the bitch down in the set , yo...
I will never date a female with another niggah name on her lol .
Wtf .
I wonder if you females out here ever just sit around and think bout how yall hoes or how unfaithful Yall really is .
I wouldnt bring my girl around nobody but Leo He the only niggah I KNOW that wouldnt mess with any of the...
Im hard to kill , Im countin cake up with ma finest bitch .
Take off her makeup and she still look like a finalist .
Im not gon ever be that niggah that hit 300 likes on every picture , but I get WHOEVER I WANT PERIOD .
Im that niggah you can show out in public babbbbbbyyyy lol Id rather sit at the house all day and jack off then bust a mission to literally only chill with a bitch ...
Idk why niggah give a female head then throw a condom on lmaooo niggah you already ate the whole STD If I ever put ma trust ina bitch , Ill always be hurt !
If I ever put my trust ina bitch , Ill always be hurt .
If this ugly ass niggah can be with her , I can too .
Tf she with Chuu Baka for anyways this niggah look like a...
If yo new niggah cant dress better then me , or even close to looking better then me , dnt try to make me...
If you get yo girl took dont be mad at the niggah who did it Be mad at her , Cause he dont owe you loyalty , she does .
Ima kill that pussy straight murder that shit , and Ima eat it , eat it , eat it And lick it till it slaps .
Ima pull up , eat on that pussy and dip , Ima real young niggah witha muhhfuckin attitude Walk up Im yo spot you would think a niggah mad at you .
Ima young rich niggah Tryna fuck a niggah bitch , My ex a rat the Naybahoods be fuckin on that bitch , I...
Indiana niggah you can tell from ma muhhfuckin grammar , I swear I got 3 hoes with me just like Im Santa .
The niggah that got ma Boo Pregnant ?
The niggah that cant take responsibilities as a...
Or do you NOT want nobody else TextingInboxingKikingDMingSnapchattingEmailing Yo girl or niggah ?
Some bitches thats gon feel me , some niggahs that wont kill me .
Lemme find out you didnt answer my call cause you otp with that niggah Leo Apolonio Look this niggah did a drive by on the bike Looked at my EX profile and she struggling with that weak ass niggah God Is Good Ma niggah Alsina be doin his thang .
Make a niggah buy a ring for ya finger , Jimmies for ya feet Jeans for that back lingerie for the...
Mann these hoes get nothin !
But some dick and instructions !
If she with mee she fucccccckn !
Mannnnn wake yall bitch asses up Blood !
My Charger got my fucked up Finna wrap the cord Tf around my phone this bitch finna charge today cuhz .
My baby mama trippen and that bitch can shoot .
Nah I aint no hoe niggah , no bitch niggah , rich Niggah with the shits Niggah Getchu chipped niggah .
Niggah said my girl off limits thirsty niggahs stay out her inbox But the bitch look like Kunta Kintes...
Niggahs stay thinkin I want they girl Not nevvvvva niggah .
No FEELINS for a hoe that aint ma main thang , ma niggahs on the same thang all ma niggahs gangbang ,...
O M G you like stop controllin me , Im like bitch fuck you thought ?
She like niggah fuck you mean !
Ok ma Texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me Bout where I been but I been with another bitch allegedly .
Ok my Texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me , askin me about where I been but I been with another bitch allegedly .
On twitter say she ridin for a niggah .
Thats why I really fuck with her , she down to pull the trigger .
I dont know him but I know a darkskin niggah in the hood named Deshawn getting shot tonight .
Ran a good game with my Royal niggah Said I aint Neva love no bitcccccch , but these bitches steady lovin on me on me , ayeeee .
See I gotta get this money ma palms itchin , niggahs gossip like hoes most of them bitches .
Shawty wanna tell me secrets on how to rap niggah , I tell that bitch its more attractive when you hold it down .
She drippen vanillaaaaa , she know Im the pussy killaaaa .
She love it when I talk to her crazy Suck a niggah dick , with a whole lotta spit let it drip Yea catch...
She was mad for like 5 mins got over it and hit him right back up lol she care about that niggah .
Somebody come look at this niggah right here Kevin Hart Voice lol Someone let me know why Drake so cold ?
He my favorite rapper , this niggah HARD .
South Central niggahs really dont be lovin these hoes , these hoes dont be lovin these niggahs .
That fb profile checker thing fake then a mf , I just added some bitch yesterday and it had me on the top .
Fuck fr ?
That one niggah that grab the AUX cord and start playen weak ass music The hoes finna be like Owieee Trey , August , And Chris Brown can have my baby at the same time Lmfaooooooo Hoes aint loyal .
These niggahs bitches call they momma tell her come and getemm !
This Niggah Kevin Hart couldnt sit down lmaoooooooooooo My niggah My Niggah This be me Cuh went from Its time to settle down to Where the hoes at ?!
This niggah Yanni like hangin up on NIGGAHS in mid sentence .
This niggah pharrell or whatever this niggah name is dont deserve shit for that white ass gay song .
Up runnin these 2K fades with ma niggah Tyreon Leo KOd lmfaoo Waaaaittt niggah holllllup these niggahs come to town start wifen my old sluts .
With my Bestf Shyanna Pen and ma main niggah Ronnie A.
Jackson III Movie bound after we pick up the homies Yall complaining about thirst traps ?
Theirs models that dress just like that ?
Ass out and all STFU .
Dont make you a hoe wtf .
Yall hoes get turned on for no reason Be Like owieee he got tats , he bang , wifi with no password My...
Yall like sayin money dont buy happiness , but name a niggah sitting in a Lambo crying ?
You Deserve x August Alsina Im dedicating that to all my old side hoes .
You gottttta be a mad a madddd niggah Sayin ma name ?
I mustve got you madddddd niggah You messin with broke niggahs you gon be broke niggah You niggahs actin like hoes , I can sale those !
You tall tree ass females be 60 TALKIN bout Catching Feelings , bitch you need to catch this touchdown...
when it comes to pussy I have no fucking friends hostel iii is really what were watching right now Cause they aint her I aint eem watchin the awards yet, but why hoes hatin on Kim K?
Damn you, whitey!
Youll get a kick out of the newest form of white privilege Every bitch got a fat ass or she 3,000 from it Views from the 6 gon be Instagram picture titles for a while...brace yaself my nigs i drowned in ur pussy so i swam 2ur BuT.
looks over at oomf Does pretending to have no bitches really work or nah?
Bows down Yes bitchmaster bitch Does backflip THISSSSSSSS!!!
You niggas switch up your opinions like faggots Gigantic What a big faggot.
Nicolas Cage unrolls dusty secret scroll It says here James Madison was a whiny little bitch Sings I killed that pussy she died with her eyes open!
Teachers call you a pussy for not doing senior skip day bitch breathes me could you not?
turns into a nigger karate Karrenchi still a bird ass bitch live ...
lol whats wrong with these bitches man loud Jamaican horns Then why u still single?
yall find the ugliest hoes attractive.
makes a wise argument about the accelerated Warholian notion of celebrity in the era of Vine passing teens mock my old wrinkled balls pops that pussy for singles pregnant crazy bitch wus the answer we were looking for...
puts peoplebitch face on scrolling through fb some hoe says need a man 2 cuddle in the cold with bitch nobody wanna touch your ass!
Hes pussy tho he blocked me 1 Otakon badge, now with what Im going to lovingly refer to as my cripple ribbon.
ankle socks in general are for the faggots bro 5 10.
How many hoes do you REALLY have?
requires soundcloud links and tumblr bitches he MIGHT let you play his party then.
Thugs talk the big talk to simple minded hoes and to their own.
but bitches catch feelings after, all the damn time.
lol nah hoes we dealt with it so will yall ..........does nobody sell flavored and colored ?
IS THAT YOUR FUCKIN PROBLEM?
Fuck it.
Im going now ....is now tweeting from a tablet....baller bitch!
Fucking niggers thats all Kentucky is and ever will be ...and Im goin back to school..
only for the hoes and a class or two ...but if a SHOW about was called ..........yall motherfuckers would cry like lil bitches.
...if Amber Rose can rock a bald head and a bald pussy then motherfucker so can I.
rolls eyes RIP to my NIGGA Trayvon, a worthless spear chucker .
really does talk like a buck nigger .
Guess we were only half wrong about you being a dumb cunt.
Hey you race baiting FBI informant bitch, wheres your punk ass speaking for justice on this?
Obama is clearly Putins bitch.
Youre a fucking retard.
1 baby Momma no bitch no wife like PAC u need a thug in ya life 1 good girl is worth 1000 hoes 1 loyal girl 1OO hoes 1 more day bitches!!!!
John Grisham cold then a hoe 1 thang i know these bitches come n go so keep em out your bussiness 1 time for the lonely hoes watching re runs 1 Vader is a Sith.
2 Vader is also a whiny bitch.
3 YODA IS MOTHERFUCKING YODA.
I got bitches with me all night And the party dont start til the drugs arrive 1.
Pretty close 0 trash ass nigga Quote this and Ill guess your body count 100 days til Christmas bitches 100 mile dead zone radius around Philly...gotta go to NY or DC The tri state needs better bitches 100s 50s 20s yea I like my money in order bad Asian bitch yea she look just like Kemora 108 MIL And its cause of Romo bitch ass Dez Witten not eating 1119 w the depot 1219 a pussyfootin xxxmas hoe hoe hoe motherfucker santa claws is coming to town 12 was like Blocked bitch Dont start They are blocking us in 13 shy 65 bitch 22 homosexual 15.
Did twitter ever get you pussydick 18 year old pussy tastes like hope.
18 yr scrap from out here might get life in prison for murderin a norte nigga by el pollo loco off of story rd.
187 how Im killin these hoes 1st game of Fall 7s..
finna kill some hoes 1wayhustle come get signed bitch we self paid.
2 bad bitches, 3 glocks, 4 choppas 2 beer queer 2 faced bitch 2 hoes 1 dyke 2 or 3 hoes for everything 2 thangs my bitch cant say, Im broke n ha period late 2 year starting on me on the street...
so i put a fag out on him.
22 not knowing wtf it is bitch 20122013 seniors were chill as fuck.
this years seniors are basic ass bitches 20k tweets hoe, Id like to thank all my supportive fans more tweets to come.
21 you a bitch but you my bitch so we hella chillin.
24rozayidgt mad cuz Twan fuck his bitch 270 on flappy bird suck my dick and lick my balls 2Pac was real af on Temptations.
Thats exactly how it be for niggas getting money and bitches 2fine4cheapwine.com So who used my email address for this chat line?
All these bitches hittin me up 2k coaches are retarded who would put a 510 point guard at the 3 tho.
3 millionaires just walked in why you tripping bitch you paid for the fight ?
Lmao 3 things i cant stand while dealing with a bitch!
STANK ASS BREATH C.
SKANK ASS WAYS 3 years today I was a fucking retard and fell in love.
300 bitches fuck wid me 300 bitch we hot, we done took flight !
Michigan some hoes.
37 no, i dont like hoes 4 fat hoes ina caddilac.
U can tell they jus lost dey luxury car ride virginity too happy lmao 4 old hoes, a ponk, and a dyke outchea having girl talk 4 stacks for the heels on my bitch feet, car seat still smellin like 10 keys..
Until that bitch drop 416 we know ya bitch 4th Beat my pussy up like i snitched on you and you had to serve time in a state correctional facility for 5 years.
4th and long bitches 5000 white men in pick up trucks screaming nigger and my coach got the nerve to get mad I missed the free throw 5s are ugly thot bitch shoes 5sos be like come hang out with us!!
but not if u fugly.
oh and side hoes to the left thnx.
5thharmony user followed then unfollowed me what a prude ass hoe 6 217 on these hoes.
Im big boned.
Bout to match up wit dis nicca 7 pounds never fails to make me cry.
Im not bitch, I just relate to it 7 years later and this bitch STILL didnt learn her lesson.
99 problems but a bitch aint 1 99 problems but a bitch aint one well that sucks that Kobe is out now...
hes still filthy, you can hate him all u want but if you dont have respect for him, ur retarded All good pussy comes with a price tag me bitch me tho This bitch wants to be included so fuckin baldly bruh!!!!
the chick who is gorgeous and so fine but her pussy stinks the person who significant other a hoe and you the so cheating no bitch I had to use my whipers!!
Thats what happens when your getting pussy.
Pussy or Twitter?
bitch nothing like waiting till the last game of the season to peddle it shit website fugly loose hoe bitch you fucking told me to sit in that seat and yo dumbass come again saying why you sitting there bitch fag bitches will be bitches.
fuc her and her pussy nasty and he whips mommy with the belt.
They have not arrested this black womans real nigger yet.
he aint a real nigger, oh my bad a real nigga, but praise the sonsof satan for having not a realnigger qualitaties.
no wonder you run nose first for yo real nigger white devil massahs or any man pointing at another to convince u he is less ..they cry over lost pussy, more emotional than a sissy.
Im still trying to figure out emoticons on this damn Motorola to give that bitch the finger.
if its trash Im kickin yo ass all them bitches far as fuck from us.
I cant get any work done if you keep showin off your bitches.
ima act like I hit that hoe then pass it like I was earlier fag rhymes with gag.
fuck you tony...you greaseball piece of shit u said me hoe so I did...
hoes if she do then she gone die too I aint playin dawg bitches gone be ruthless then I will be too!
push me on the wall slowly take my panties down and write alphabet with ur tongue on my tight pussy bitches are hoes dont be surprised faggot Hey, I dont always go there.
Sometimes, these three crazy bitches and one suave MFer trick me into going with them what you laughing at hoe beautiful bride...
Tell Erica congrats if she remembers a nig...
Brutal for the nigs who cant get jobs, lol..
Not a bitch.
Its called a scarf, dumbass.
Phil, Im having trouble figuring out what my fat ass wants to eat, where are the drinks and the bitches?
and I just cleaned the entire fucking weight room.
Looked like a tornado went through this bitch.Cmon franklin they are little bitches when they are proven wrong.
shut up bitch bruh Im under 2 blankets like a bitch right now no bitch man too much damn giggling was going.
Lol think I even heard the bitch spit a couple times two trash ass passes you know damn well you saw it too.
cant lie tho spitting on a cop car right with their bitch ass in it feels damn good.
Youre a fucking pussy crusty hoe double up on this game bitch bitches tryna take all my money, g.
We aint friends, pussy.
Each time we go he just sits there in silence and I cry like a bitch and sweat.
Bro, that retard even missed the point of GreenEggsHam!
Yeah tht a bitch, we aint gay Brah.
Chill Snapchat got hacked, all of you hoes about to have some explaining to do Ive seen a number of bitches on here say theres no such thing as loose pussy lol.
Ok nigglet imma bitch i know , leave me alone I dont be on the hoes but these hoes on my snapchat hell yeah I got bokoo hoes when I had my fro AlQueda doesnt use cell phones or the internet?
Wow you are stupid bitches or wat haha shit niggah i wish lol bitches from riverside to LA ahah nah i thought u had to bitches lol didnt know peters girl was one of them lmao niggah lol i had 6 beers before i went to the bar then had 4 beers at the bar then got a 12pck on the way home lool bitch who do u love I was texting a bitch Im on this hoe like this every night just be tweeting bullshit lol cause these hoes love me so yall niggaz aint never listen to no slow shit with a bitch lmaoooo hell naw bro I be up i havent seen that hoe lol I was bout to say.
Shit income tax in Im Tryna find me a bitch for a couple weeks that evil son of a bitch deserves everything thats coming to him niiice my nigga schinder pullin hoes bad bitch with me wonder where my manners go karma is a bitch bitch stop fucking playin with me you know wtf Im talkin about this niggah be lying Seen a pic of nigs robbing a store.
I dont like pigs either but wtf!
Hardly no niggers there.
So basically you like the background music, fag.
them hoes was trash you trippin bitch real rap fucked that bitch lay up for the day thats really disrespectful like bitch u couldnt feel the throw up coming like a hoe gettin dick all day and then tonight she gettin more Stop being mean, bitch!
is my main bitch.
the hoes be by my house , we be at tony spot mf he said he got you in workouts pussy!!!!!!
dont call my buddy Cambron retarded man smh.
but can we all at least agree that you whining like a little bitch because someone threw your phone is absolutely hilarious?
haha, says the little bitch who let someone take his phone.
A little bitch would.
so a man who is a pussy and a coward overpowered you and easily took what was yours?
You are clearly much less than a man, then your incessant whining like a worthless little bitch is the funniest thing that has happened all weekend.
tBeDumb bet that some good pussy!!!
Youre dismissed bitch.
Not in the mood for fucktards this morning.
The Cop was bitch slapped by this wanna B st.
And he got what TM got Dead See you dont slap cops they R law I hate that nigger.
Those niggers disgust me.
bitch would rather fuck a poster?
Naaaa I could be pimpin these hoes lol this is retarded Iheinz201 stfu!
get the fuck out of chat faggot before i block you Oct 30th 1am cant wait for more PEDS is that it?
for some spook shit aint nobody offending u fuckin peckerwoods I despise of a no good white ungrateful honkey fight me 1 on 1 ur choice of game faggot see what happens LMAO .
But fingers crossed they are wrong you are a nigger always causung mischief among ur own people would this faggot survive in TJ?
Smdh another bitch fuck u ugly ass bitch nah u just a fag who invited this fag?
I have class nig guys not supposed to get their ass sucked queer yeah, these bitches aint shit tho bitch see you then then bitch.
bitch you up and joined the fucking army and those of us around this bitch was like where the fuck rob go to the fuckin army?
lol na bitches like crazy if the D good this bitch cut a bitch wheres my bitch wit my sammich then?
bitch i got the flameeee until the world sees 2 faggot jungle bunnies are fucking and one got pregnant and on that note Im out dis bitch bitches dont know if they wanna play basketball or look sexy bro bro you know I cant not comment on stupid shit like that..bitch Instagram a heart attack on a plate Welcome to the movement.
bruh bruh that bitch aint loyal !
hoes.
wtf I DMd you bitch nah im forreal both of yall pussies smell like some dried up crusty fish guts nah that bitch stank ape?
Fuck u broke ass racist fuck u bitch These hoes aint loyal pussy ass schedule I do not like talking to you faggot and I did but in a nicely way fag answer my snapchat faggot
go to sleep faggot!
your the one keeping me up faggot!
i can not wait to see this fucking cunt.
Her ass is mine.
bitch add me I could have died..
I called my mom a bitch lmao bruh did go out like a bitch thoe lol that should not be his final match lmao omm you see the bitch tryna act like she aint feel it ahaha lol his matches from the early 90s when he was IC champion the bitches really would go ham so ppl are pissed off basically saying if we have to suffer, you will too.
Tourching tht bitch youre our bitch though Just come stop in this bitch cause im bout to get off niggas be on pussy shit cause youre a sexy bitch do i literally eat asshole for a living?
is that what i actually do faggot?
bitch where you been no I bitch and moan not tears!!!
oh so thats the bald bitch if u cant talk without talking about ur cunt mama im thru talking so ur faggot teammate hits someone late like that and U say hes yapping and yelling, u guys def 69 in the room man shut yo bord ass up !
Want some hoes ?
Cdfu stay fuckjng wid me on here mann hes fucking trash lmfaoooo thats some fag shit man.
D Dick and pussy is too precious to give up and be ruined by some bullshit that was done to me.
finger my throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur face this account is so incredibly retarded.
yours a dyke bishhhhhh waasup where this bitch up good dnt be a sucker for these sad mad bitches, just followed me.
I been listening to this nigga since Magic.
Almighty on you hoes!
got all the hoes thats meant toward my dads gf shes a bitch dude quit bein a little bitch B hoes twerking heavy to that fuck no my school boring and ghetto I put this bitch to shame bitch what?
Im otp bitch hold on get this nigguh of this streets grindin cuzz thats all shit dont stop wats good witcha thou bitch you been mia too you already know ima keep it trilla...Happy Bday lha bitch i love yu nigga!
right in the pussy send them damn beaners back where they belong n the US aint it omfg you elitist bitch no one cares what you think!
go fuck yourselves are you in china anyway?
glad you brought that kid home, but he fucked up and should face the UCMJ.
dont care about Taliban pussies really.
a moment of silence for the bitch who changes her name everyday ..
cracker jack shut the fuck up Am not gonna shut shit up bitch but u can get yo punk ass out there hoe ass nigga oh really and thats word where u be at then I wanna see what bout then, I dont wanna hear what u gonna do I want see it bitch .
U lame then a bitch get the fuck with that gay shit .
Wigga wigga wigga wigga wigga Dear Daily Mail, you misogynist pile of twats!
salon is is chuck full of butthurt liberal retards nigga said I woke up in a bed fulla bitches that I aint een fuckin but idc his shit bout to be 10x harder my grandpa has better comebacks and hes dead you faggot go outside and let go of your little ass dick for a minute dumb bitch stfu im Tokyo but I get higher than a jet.
Killing these dog ass hoes had to send em to the vet!
Produced by And just what is that bitch gonna do for women?
Obamas bitch!
nigger lol thts offensive .....lol and my xmas was iite had a couple of drinks so i was fine ninja xmas ...lol do this nigga think he mick foley ?
I just dont want one these new bitches that morphed in to a super playa because she see how the world is boats and hoes well looks like Ill be buying you two a big bitch box of Busch NA niggah follow me back lmfaoo yu stupid lha bitch i been knowing you for about 10yrs you never had a hoe...EVER not to yall thou!
Yalll fucking glad bag trash tell that boy he a hoe i just called him yall fucking trash boyy!!!
bitch my mom didnt call you lmfaooo oh well fuck that bitch youd like that wouldnt you fag my bitch bruhhh !!!
He looks like a fag and his time line is boring Zzzzzz too bad hes a faggot you far asf too nigguh Bruh that wont happen cuz I can see that big bitch or it before it strikes.
did you get your volcano yet faggot she prolly got some bomb pussy too.
Lol I hope haha bitch she gone eat that bitch
I bet he would have gone ape shit and killed them all if they attacked Muslims.
what the holy fucking hell is going on at the EPA, those overzealous cunts, I cant wait for 2016 Send all the fucking muzzies home, now doj come and get me motherfuckers place pussy on stache let pussy take ride your whats wrong with the white race you fuckin coon slaying piece of poop please die alone aye were da fawking ginzos of fawking queens and fawking nassau lets record a song bitch right nowb lol so retarded lmao bitch shut up whats up my bitches?!
The only one of Marys friends I like so you other bitches dont exist do these bitches really love Mosa though
Dat means get the fuck out hoe I be thinkin
Yall be some crazy white bitches.
I think most women have self hate therfore collectively women are bitches becomes their campaign and men follow yes.
Why protest about sexism then go right home and beg for a guy to beat your pussy up?
Im lost at times bro that hoe live nice Avi lil nigger Youre killin me man!
3 Not all conservatives are racists, just like not all NBP hate honkies.
If people are determined to think of you as a condescending bitch, its their loss.
Ha bitch, Im pickin up beach babes left n right on the West Coast lmfao go to bed whitey Rollin coal bitches ready to blow ready set GO!
bitch got the crew hype an still got her ass beat tonight should have brought him to us always eatin good wit my niggah, and good lookin on the cd my boy got some heat now i can bump some bangers fosho my niggah il be over there just been real busy lately yeah that niggah played good, lowkey i wanted brazil to win now that ur tour over come kick it with ya nig in the MIA....
As the love for faggot Ruslan as well pass the Fosters faggot yea....what did it do for Maidana?
It made him a greedy faggot loser.
After that first conversation on your status he fb messaged me calling me a fag lololol fuck off bitch.
ur weird, racist bitch.
Let the hoes tell it man..
yea u stupid faggot.
never followed him ignorant monkey lmaooo naw nigga imma stay right in your mentions hoe nigga I didnt have no change.yall some hoes for Tryna shoot know yall cant shoot wake your ass up hoe fight that shit say youre on free lunch and they must have the game fucked up cause youre colored like the rest of them thats shit gon be the death of these hoes...ion like it...
lmaooo roosters is hot trash bro u know it get that degree first bitch Ill say it for you..
Do ya woman want you on the couch in plain sight or outchea with these bitches?
describing New Pussy like a Baltimore Love Thing out this bitch.
She is a bitch !
I said it for you maria you spic I know I was playing that hoe start on the 20 tho your a nasty nigger whore you got some hoes here yet?
at least he went up and wasnt a bitch Im not Mexican enough for the real beaners yet too Mexican for the Americanized beaners that you got hoes damn then what the hell are the perks of being your hoe?
This is some bullshit ugh your with Tebow?
Youre officially a fag now and in followed.
they said some bullshit.
Damn niggers wow!!!
they some bitch niggas Can I beat this bitch up??
Seriously....what a bitch Damn you bitch you never answer me anymore...
Anyway glad of your first show, be safe when going to the next one YOUNOW is a fucking bitch...
Shit load of hate on there when I did my first broadcast Id like to rape the bitch that posted that.
Fuck you, faggot.
I gotta see that hoe in person cause Im sleeping on that hoe for now da fuck that hoe look sad lol he still a lil bitch These new nigga hipster hypebeasts love all these faggot ass bright colors and Nike keeps giving them what they want smh hoes not women, like to be the center of attention
We niggas like fuckin roaches.
You a crazy bitch.
I dig yo ass these kids are pussies.
We got a white trash kid a ThugNasty wanna be up in here take your queer ass dubstep out of here We had a Pacer in the 70s I member loving when Hair of the Dog came on the quadraphonic stereo so I could say bitchlol lmao u aint a savage these hoes for everybody I didnt spoil anything you should have been watched it nigger nig nog sand nigger ran over some Kidd I dont like the sand nigger but its entertaining like 6 knockdowns Joe Cortez is the ultimate faggot that fight proved it all I remember was the fat bitch stealing the KFC bucket hauling ass all us beaners were pissed like robert when the jew ref stopped it post the bid where you tell that nig to use the jab true sand niggers bum Brits claim hes a ATG hall of fame legend smh Wait,wait,wait, The new one or the EP?Son of a bitch Lucky Ive decided that are retarded.
Hookers are always complimentarywho wants to be with a bitch?
pussies racist tx trash racist why wld u intvw n ask racist questions itwas so disrespectful I jus wanna let you know OKC trash, IBAKA aint shit, yall aint goin nowhere without Harden Spurs bitch thats the team, you dont want no problems hey Sir house nigger, uncle tom arent you from grand ole Mississippi, I rest my case!
you need your ass whipped with a whip Mr house nigger, remember u will always b a nigger to them!
bitch mind your business oh you mean like how you started to be a cunt to JP about something that has nothing to do with you?
Or just treat him like a regular bitch?
Prolly out here yelling money over bitches.
I just really miss you and I know we can drink it off and talk about all of our problems like basic bitches waddup doe Lil nicca Punk ass bitch.
i wanna be that white nigga chillin in my mini cooper just throwin money at bitches press start bitch a fucking verse from Don trip bitch stop assuming shit who ever said this is so dumb.
My moms a cop ill have her track you down for being a lil bitch.
Kay bye that nigga was eating that hoe lol you da realest bitch out here Amber hoe ass nigga.
sockin bitches in they mouf ghetto ass Pocahontas .
my bad bitch im logged in on everybody shit wussup bitch bitch im too mad im finna throw this bitch outside bitch u 1 bitch u bs how fck yah dam bitch wussup bitch das new bae , my bitch bad or naw lmao bitches aint shit I cant bitch bitch I know stfu to lay up w my bitch umm bitch hello I was not alive so I clearly DOBT have it You dont know what I know.
Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant is a fag elissa is such a fake cunt all hoes singing it too damn that hoe just came out but look at how many hoes said his shit jamming on my shit lmaooo I wanted them hoes she was suppose to hold em lmaooo niggas aint but hoes is I think Im winning lmaoooo Beiber get these hoes wet big bro Im Tryna tell you me either but if the bitch like put on that Beyonc nigga aint gone hesitate whatever turn them hoes on zRo aint gone get the bitch wet I fuck with Takeoff nigga get on the bitch and just snap lol that hoe for 5yr old naw where can I see that hoe at wiz had a warrant like a bitch yea he coming back him big rod doing something for that hoe NFN you bitch to much.
Im not Hollywood at all my nig, u brought me to twitter n bounced a young nigga turned into Mr.
CATCHMEIFYOUCAN....Im in da field my nig he a real nigga tho, that bitch know her place weeknd dont save hoes b, idunno bout Drake weeknd make muzik for the hoes b, im tryna meet these women he be talkin bout you styl gotta get dem tweets off my nig What can I say, Im a stubborn son of a bitch.
bitch im 17?
Get your pannies out of of bunch cunt Damn i wanted to buy that bitch that shit was tough I know bro nigga seen a 71 African playing Guard and was handling the hoe Lebron brought the bitch down to his knees chill who all in that hoe bitch bitch Im not coming no more you said your making plans !
bitch Im talm bout at like 10 bitch ion got no attitude sorry hoe Im shaded Rn bitch you NOT either bye bitch you still subtweets but not replying though oh bitch but you couldnt answer mine when I needed a paccage delivered to your house !
So Fucc off omg bitch go to sleep it was JUST a coincidence huh ?
shes wearing the same shirt, what a bitch.
self low down black bitch?
negro please...I got a job now lmao shoulda told her yeah if I can take you home for pussy lol bitch bye you cant get it bitch is you drunk or nah its almost ya fucking birthday.
So act right niglet would I be a bitch if I said yea but never told you where I stay at?
text me niggah!
yes because I too want to be fat and have a fat bitch wife fuck outta here and go put some more trash ass ink on your faggot ass self pussy stay talking defending your fuckboy ass boyfriend or what?
go suck him off while youre at it faggot you need to accept the fact that youre both hipster faggots.
way to delete your tweets you stanky bitch pussy your gay stfu, dumb monkey these bitches need guidance.
Homeee fag I was 200 bitch chase you God damn faggot you become retarded be gone my nigguh faaaaggggottttt, speaking with the blonde hair and confused, youre a hypocrite, cuz youre a faggot Vegeta a super hoe then.
Thot I blocked ur fuzzy butt.
shut up chink.!!!
you billy goat hair hillbilly you said good bye dumb bitch snd i said ok..what is it with you white devils...i have nothing for you vampire lover of blood you motherfuckin bullshit slingin son of a whore!
you disgraced all vets with ur crap.
now go off to pussy land where u belong dont be a bitch.
pussy ass nigga.
Dawson and Nicky Hickman delete the fake account and and stop being bitches
Right in the pussy you call someone a faggot and then say to kill themselves, you are a pathetic human being.
A fucking disgrace.
you dont know what your talking about retarded faggot fugly bitch john will dump ur ratchet ass ugly flat chested prude ass white bitch So I guess that makes us blacks double niggers, huh?
naw u just retarded kinfolk lol Did you just call My Sweet Baboo a ho?!?!
and btw dont ever bring up past hoes wit yo ol lady I took that L in HS tryna be semi honest smh why she a hoe we know about 5 dudes that hit Kim, 5 these hoes out here doing that in a week remember when we played plaquemine they kept calling our whole team gay Lydia said Ill turn all you hoes out, fwm!
I would dead upper cut that bitch maas mermaid and sharkette pussy my nigga what her pussy smell like?
cmon pussy true!
Is mikey starting?
And what about the chink?
Lmfao Im in this bitch on some insomnia shit.
Been in bed since midnight.
someone sent this to me months ago bitch lmaooo coley just whammmmed him add this to it swervee bitch bitch dat was a low blow bitch dats yo sahara desert ass bitch do I look white to u bitch kill yo self bitch stop takin my shit ooo I hate u u dumb bitch bitch watch tf out u on moose meat now didnt I just say I thought u told me to delete them so I deleted them bitch fuck u u dumb ass bitch hoe lol bitch u forcin it have a glass of water bitch u a lil thirsty for the puss thang my bad bitch ayeee yes bitch I do realize dat damn son maybe he didnt know it was ya piece..
He was just Tryna get some pussy breh nigga byeeeee lmfao Ill be dammed if a fag stole my girl
And a major league bitch too!
im goin now so be expecting to get slept faggot hahaha thanks bitch!!
thisty hoe bitch my phones gonna die in serious I got hot pockets hoes damn bro..
ps4 trash lol just found u and fuck is my cock hard!
Love your dripping pussy god wrote em now think again coon hell Idk who did but that pussy better be golden lmaoooo aye people person so you know lil Rico got hoes hahaha I thought youd get the hint that we know youre a fake cunt and delete your fake account.
Because youre a fag these hoes really out here The same guy who thinks he can slang around bitch without it being offensive, apparently.
Dont make me draw you like one of my Franch bitches, heffa.
cause of the loads of pussy you get right cuz people at work are bitches they shit talkers and yeah dude I need a girls night out haha yes niggah but yesterday night Idk man it hit me at night like around 2 in the morning didnt go to sleep till like 4..
see bro pussy changes you wetback yeah bitch hit me up when you get friend zoned Brody yeah right pussy !
hes a cheating wetback he called the Kidd a pussy or something I couldnt find the regular one faggot
I wants to make da lovin to a white girl wit a colored man watchin and pullin his weenis cdfu bitch you fried Makes you a pussy.
go buy them bitches shown a tiny kitten you dumb fucking cunt
plot twist he is a faggot my brother.
Where tf you been at negro You ready to make this stats test our bitch?!
some people do shit to get shot at and then be like people hate me, I dodge bullets.
Karma is bitch.
mane yall niccas crazy af wiz old shit got niccas bitin his style n errthan Chatt niccas love doin dat brah lol hell ya dey think a nicca down der bitch yu not safe!
I view hackers on the same level as shoplifters bitch slapped into the lake and held until drowning.
I bet I can pull at lease 3 bitches with them look at ur avi u fag you a bitch Dennis bitch dont b a hypocrite cuz I was gunna smoke u out today.
U a bitch tho see thats all gill and green bitch ass they didnt help me get my schools either.
Yall still in the tournament you my niggah though Daniel!
Wtf!
Im Finna DM you the pic Bruh these hoes funny my nicca yall niccas spark up the nig is fun to watch got to admit, ebola boy can speak broken Spanish too lol you.
A bitch too Im here now hoe I guess that dumb bitch but we all need to drink some time my place an fuck someone up haha laying in bed bout to pass out 630 is gonna be a bitch haha just kiddin but ya we should and get that fag to come and well go fishin or some shit pulled up in that bulbasuar, you know Im bout to make yo girl pussy sore bitch I got some bloods dat hang in la fuck off lil bitch, prolly gotta lil dick gotta keep your bitch in check you look like fucking shrek bitch choke on bread bitch ya girl is a slimy ass hoe.
get her under control and tell her to stop spraying bullshit out her mouth all day Hell na !!
Hes a honky brah get on cunt pussy no I wuz just making a general statement.
Ive never called u a bitch I know these hoes aint right bitch shut the fuck up goddam your a slut bitch whore nigga jk Id fuck a dog before I fuck you fish pussy ya but you cant because its a real account dumb bitch I go to wams fucking bitch nigga grow some balls and concentrate pussy!!
dude I was pissed but then looking at it I fucking died at least Im the most yoked ape Id sell anything if people are willing to buy it, how highly do prostitutes think of their pussy to sell that because if you support lesbians you have to support faggots theres no difference.
bitch ass nigga Rico awe boy your shirt tight than a bitch in that avi polo man turnt into a wrestler fat ass lil boy boy look like a Slave on that hoe lmaoooo middle school knocking down all the pussy with the earrings on my shirt and no French toast No problem, remembering all those quirks can be a real bitch.
come over hoe perfect smoking weather haha bro I aint even in my hood yet and I already got hoes trying to say was up from other towns that hoe on some other shit bro rt and 100x better rn that a nigga high all bitches eh.
hahah i just cant stand how people get all fucking amped about it, especially whiny bitches that even get scared at it nigga fuck you.
Some plano schools go hard then a bitch way better than Richardson.
I was lucky to be sensible and Ive never had a fag or a drug.
Once a monkey, always a monkey, Chicago idiot idk , I gotta think about it cause them bitches small as shit that ugly ass picture and thanks bitch she might be the one DONT be a bitch I couldnt care LESS about these bitches!!!
the fck?
dem bitches always got sum shit wit them....
pussy purp.
hey bitch if your gonna talk shit tag me and quit being such a bitch how did I fuck up the car?
Cause it wont hold air dumbass Id hate feeling like a faggot too punk ass hoe how about you wash my butthole out with your tongue you little faggot shut your mouth you little fuckin bitch you dirty little bitch Whatever!
Fuck all those assholes.
Theyre niggers, they all look alike to me.
those little faggots usually have bags over their heads anyway.
lol tell dat white bitch I said hey Im coming bitches.
show the bitches no love!!!
fags ur moms pussy died a slow death so well have good company purple pink....for the faggots who want to be protected...by the police, instead of BEARING ARMS if need be!
bitches be like..
it means something to me gotta be atleast 510 to call me a bitch lol fag shut up fag Lol that nigga a real retard shes a bad bitch did you smile like a retard when you were a kid?
It took me till like 5th grade before I learned how to naturally smile Idgaf man fuck them hoes ...
They nice to look at but they aint for me she the only bitch that stayed loyal she a keeper bro bitch..
LMAOOO black fag.....
Im blocking you thanks little fag lmao yesterday ?
Them hoes was cute af lol keeping these hoes happy bitch ass The soul has departed from the train.Theres no more soul in music.Just hunger for bitches,money and fame.
dude quit being a hyposhitical bitch.
lmaoo my phone autocorrect like a bitch..
he loves the fast life im sure hes already grinded on amcon hoes as well obama is a bitch his speech was pure politics for mid terms.
a dis sellout nigguh still talking.
man both them get around a lot, bunch of hoes.
whoa, calling me a cunt?
this like a retarded wutang clan at my club ho yasss bitch yassss.
you wouldnt know fag lmao Ive always wanted to ski..bust my ass or not Im innat hoe, fit and all.
You may not know, nor believe this but Im legendary for curving pussy..
An enraged 64 290 lb Mike Brown lethal weapon on legs.His hatred 4 the police whitey added fuel 2 his arsenal lol shid who got one?
Boy my ass lonely as a bitch.
You cuffed up aint ya wassup pussy lmfao putting on for twitter i see fat bitch just watch bitch nigga u gonna want the whole team dead hey you bitch, you should get the on your show.
Im kidding about the bitch part.
hahahhaha he had mad bitches my apologies...
Oh wait its my fucking birthday bitch what are you doing tonight pussy?
thank you for the lyrics, these bitches so gullible an sleep on your music they just be like aw u so sweet let me suck ur dick wrong maybe you been dealing with pussies but I dont put up with that crap.
Keep it real bitch nig nog lol lil bitch that damn coach aint never called back bitch ass bitch hallon I know right so much retard I just learned how many retards you can find when you search trending topics.
Its an objective fact that Philly fans are cunts.
yasssss bitch yasssss Its gonna bring it down though unless its turning into a welt already, like a bubble wit pussy.
Gotta pop it an itll be gone Slide up on a bad bitchDat bitch look good bitch i dont even look like that keep talking and we going to fight bitch im real nigga the fuck u mean weak ass nigga i do me i dont pretend to be someone im not so u can shut that shit up fuk boy bitch your unknown u dont have a mixtape and you damn sure cant rap, u couldnt rap if your life depend on it naw u keep it 100 fake get yo lame ass on somwhere wigga hell no get on somwhere oh hell no u have no swag whats so ever not even a little bit with dem cheap ass pugs and why so have a rag on bitch u not black yea thats what i thought pussy boy u r a fucking thot thats a win right there.
any nigga who doesnt partake in that is a faggot.
she sucks..bitch cant even pretend dance.
should be lol lil bitch youre welcome, I miss you too nig nog Im assuming it would look something like a bitch slap and a Dickpunch You do got alla da hoes..
that bitch wants everybody out though..
thats the same shit she did to me at one point dont fail bitch that bitch hit the chick when she wont looking..
That shit weak af Huh?
I been with Verizon for 4 years bitch.
text me, we dont noisy hoes watching nigga you done bumped yo head.
Li nings fire but Kobe 9 Elite golds are trash!?
that was real nicca shit tho lol you mean bitch ass pussy mine pussy lol yeah bro good choice.
But bitches do love foreign whips so its a personal decision pussy.
you aint 6 feet under its not over pussy your a bitch if you hit a girl you a bitch Edgar your a punk pussy ass bitch!
Dude you dont have the balls to fight all you wanna do is wanna hit girls your a fuckin bitch damn bitches on a niggas mind haha youre, bitch movies dont matter as long as you do coon shit with coons youre a nigga!
bra Im bout to blaze this bitch are bitches.
Unless you skype us, bitches.
bitch.
I gt android dmt kno whats in that box my nig haha she a stupid hoe cocky sons of bitches WILLIAN up in that hoe aww man we had a BALL.
Set that bitch out!
Jews, niggers and commies alike.
bitch I work 24 hours a day to protect your freedom fuck you bitch Im done with school faggot point that sasquatch bitch out this hoe wasnt loyal im 99 slay bitch, im wearin bandos armor cause im so rich, i got my slayer helm and my whip droppies you both sure do You want to give a free pass to every border jumper in this country you two are whats wrong here bitch please because shes a nigger they can see this dumbass nigger what are you doing bitch you have a redneck attitude.
Your one really thats why we got side hoes Y am I not surprised UGLY MIKE BOOGIE has to buy pussy??!!!!
shut up bitch and focus on that L tomar you want my pussy so bad speak english prude ass white bitch thirsty basic ass bitch Yooo I was thinking bout that the other day lol..
You only really speaking of one person my niggah ok u hav gun.
I love you and you are my superior at fighting games and you probably get more bitches too.
peace aoas you write back bitch lol bitch lol no bitch lol Im not about that life anymore khaye I cant see your freakin emojis Im a basic bitch today.
dude tell me why thats so true my mom has this friends from Texas trying to hype redskin football and shit becuz no man should celebrate his bday at a drreams nice account faggot pussy who can vouch for ya pussy tho k?
Hoes with the crooked belly ring.
Lol cant wait for the world to see this Detroit shit nicca!
quit being a pussy Ja zo denkt ieder wel t zijne over zaken he.
bitch dont even think about playin wit me!
hoe dont make me put up screenshots of your texts to me hoe shut up fuckin beaner just be a hoe then Im destroying this bitch dawg I also like how IM called the hoe when Ive been saying stop.
pussy ass bitch dont be a bitch smh thats what I call a crash dummy hoe pom poms YOU MAKE THAT SHIT YEAHHHH jus wanted to let yll know hope the hurricane kills your soca sunday trash lol you tell that bitch LMFAOOOO if that bitch didnt change his so much I could find more bitch stop hatin cause they aint make em in toddler size.
You should be happy, they make em in GS now ew queer white thirsty bitch fugly queer white trash omg gtfo white faggot ugly white bitch dont be a bitch man up lol That is great.
Dumb crybaby pussy.
damn he was my bitch for Eddie Johnson teams last year Lol, always with the complaining and crying.
Just like when Jeezy broke up with you cause your a moaning old bitch.
ratchet looking nigger you understand you look like a real life dyke right?
Like you look like a WNBA dyke bro.
A sports bra bball shorts wearing dyke lmsoooo dawg I aint got no bitches mane.
You know how these wolves is nigga look my size, plus it get hit in the ass, an look like its been fighting all its life....
Ill sneak dat bitch an RUN!
shoot that nigger bitch in the knees....
yes now get off twitter, you lame negros should have never learned how to use the Internet hahahaha youza fuck wigger aids fuck?
Smdh u punk bitch.
youre a little bitch x2 leave you beaner retard I aint light skin nigga Im even colored lmao nigga I talk shit period this aint nun new white bitch we go threw this every damn day u a bitch in niggas clothing shut yo ass up peckerwood
I likes me dem Mexican hoes.
bro this bitch really stood there and was like you gonna give me my penny?
exception for Gilda Radner that bitch was funny Youre still a bitch Them stop being a bitch and do it remember 94 can be a bitch!
ur one to talk bitch Yeah, its fuck that Jigsawfaced bitch everyday, B.
thanks dumb bitch you were there bitch lol youre being a bitch lol but naa serio wassuo i pissed alotta ppl off on fb i was flooding the newsfeed next target them hoe ass texans lol its gonna be so fun got two niglets on the way niccas dnt kno bout da art of finessin whatever Gabby!
I am always there bitch!
nigra in da back heyyyyyyyyyyy fag boy am I gonna watch you play?
Says the old man I hope you can survive another 10 years, you silly Jigga boo monkey lol, that pussy got rich niggas losing their minds too.
Got Drizzy Breezy beefd out, that puss is the devils playground.
Kanye bitch give him more problems than Wizs does.
I hear ya hoe I was sleep hoe where you at funky hoe you gone solo lol I will be there in the morning hoe naw hoe let me see if you got Keisha you owe two hoe I dont wanna hear shit when I hyu ffffffffffffuck.
Baratheon rebellions are a bitch.
bitch what happen to comin thru first off who you calling a hoe ?
Dont make me go sharkeisha ok you boo boo oh you sneaky son of a bitch you babe its the thought that counts..bitch you a thot all I did was bitch about Jessie, still love you anyway
My shits like an eggplant baby.
I gots to protect my semen under da lock and key.
Does da N mean negro?
xavier you bitch.
you egg spam bitch Go pray in a church or something fag, no one cares about your religious bullshit.
I want to eat your pussy That band is white trash, and only white trash would buy that album.
Neither does your fucking cat, pussy.
lmao real shit though them bitches be dumb as fuck smh hoe told me she was gonna chop my dick off ...
Not to see a thristy hoe who uses Walgreens hair dye man get yo bitch ass out my mf mentions man with all tht bs u trippin bitch fck all lay wat you wanna do fight or nah dumb bitch ight bitch ima see u come so you can record him saying hes my bitch fuck your chicken sandwich ho!!!
and dress them up white faced......niggers always whining!
the rest are just slutty ass bitches y dont both of those fat bitches die U should just pull out let fend for themselves.
Most r just attention hos I got that hoe bootlegged haha if you wanna borrow it biiiiitch that hoe looks perfect haha but iight Some women get in a relationship quick so they wont feel like a hoe for having sex.
Bc hoes are tools hahahaha Im so funny Asian pussy?
why you crying then baby back bitch?
straight up your hoes can wait !
no, that nigga goin to work.
Quit tryin to kill a niggas vibe you broke bitch Yeah, so quit being a bitch and edit.
get into Devil first bitch!
legit retard Ive had to do it in multiple classes.
Also, dont call your teacher a bitch on twitter.
thanks nig she was a dirty bitch always beggin for microwaves and catchup and shit so mufuckas always be like, BYE Falicia!
lil bitch cant punch a potato both of yall pussy boa!
Terrance you wanna be one of my hoes Can I bitch about not having smoke??
fuck your redskins bitch!
you knw where i am pussy i hate when u ask me tht vraag t Sven,hij denkt Hoe lichter van kleur, hoe beter het morele kompas werkt.
Ik ben kleurenblind I was laughing at a joke about 911 big different bitch.
they want what I got, I want what they got, America.they got the word nigger, I want it to sal tryin 2 pull a K.
Ferderline..lazy ass son of a bitch She walks away!?
What a pussy.
is that all u can say twat?
Flying is a bitch enough.
Im jus tryna vaca away from the niggers bro.
2nd and last time Ill ever call you that faggot smh.
U so retarded.
Cant carry 3 retards So can we just let this faggot in already before he cries himself to sleep whatta you fags doin?
Ass Oreos and his name is Thad Castle.
Sion is a faggot.
Very meh ganks pre6 and post6 his ganks are still pretty meh hes just a tank, nothing special imo Mao hmu when youre good to go bitch bitch why did you not fav or retweet this wtf hoe answer my question your low info redneck dumbasses vote for these corporate shills that idiots like you believe Move out of our country teabaggers!
hes am has no clue old with a old wolf pussy that is omfg or the other pics of the tranny lmao lol fuck these lil bitches aint shit to peep wassup w you tho youre a bitch I hate those creepy ass dolls that call you dada, Im like bitch I aint yo daddy lemme find out you twitter beefin with hoes bitch need crutches pussy poppin on a headstand while ur eating watermelon Na a young bitch got school those god damn chinks.
Fucking hated that bitch.
told you them bitches was mad even, g.
Im tryna have this bitch in out soon lmao hell yea..
I love thick bitches thick bitches love fat niggas.
bitch you know you wont this i found her right here, good job unfollowing me btw faggot I couldve swore everyday was jus sayin I had all the hoes like 2 days ago!
I gotta baby on the way naw nigga I got yo bitch tip toeing on my wooden floor !
and retarded dammit now Im the only one with a fucked up tranny....
no send the fucking challenge quit being a pussy meet me later for a reach around Charlie Crist
ok wat ever u say whitey.
shut up lizard faggot nigger cunt thats very logical because bitches love using my face as a toilet ya I know all the slang Im racist I h8 porch monkies bitch shut up and hand me some of those flowers you selling, the light is about to change.
if the faggots can have a page y cant they?faggots offend me more than them im American, dont give 2 shits about the beaners, ship them beaners back the little cunt can just die for all I care!
y dont that bitch just shoot herself?
so sick of all those whores!
hurt hoes be like bitch no more on my account I have an open mind and that bitch Beyonc is crazy I was nice to the dumb bitch then she puts her nose all up in my business Eat shit white trash hoe brush lets just ignore the silly hoe.
tryna fuck with other people that was so gay.
And I was tanning bitch.
Juvie made me white bitch looks like spongebob shelby your pussy is beat up All of these bitches lying drunk bitch used to eat my ass its relaxing finger my pussy slowly with circular motion finger my throbbing pussy finger my wet throbbing pussy slowly as I cum on ur fingers fuck my throbbing pussy slowly fuck my wet pussy with ur huge cock happy cuz I woke up white and not a nigger!
hells yeah fuckin sick ass bitch my pussy is aching for ur follow bae nigger!!
only a ratchet bitch would so does my juicy pussy nice ears bitch you look like a god damn elephant..
Im not delivering to that bitch boy anymore.
pussy....
I aint had a coochie since I was 16 and you look like hmmm a nigger bitches on my dick but look at me Im fucking beautiful I dont fight or want to fight bitches who dont know who the fuck I am.
Fuck I look like doing that?
Nigga, PLEASE!
Nah, Id NEVER ask a guy to ride down on a chick.
Whats the use of getting him in trouble for a trashass bitch?
Thank you bitch bought her son some talking bout I had to get em before they sold out lol nigga just walk in that hoe looking for girls dont even wanna buy nothing that hoe out now Can you speak one coherent sentence without sounding like a nig?
it was a joke you fugly bitch be happy uncle snoop even acknowledged your nasty ass lmao you fucking pussy every time I beat you Im being a faggot maybe Im just being better than you lmao So many bitches you gon need to change ya name from Jebidiah to Bitches.
Nah but I was worth that 52 character, bitch.
Dont pop trunk on me Im just a bitch ass niiiieeegggaaa bitch ass because youre the ratchetest of them all bitch you do realize ya pussy stank right?
Happy Birthday pussy.
Have a good one ahhh stupid bitch!
i love seing new ones cause i save them and then youse them bitches lmfao i donno who demz iz?
But ima bout to get white gurll ghetto on there asses when i find out....
Ok u fat precious lookin ass bitch, u big fat back at the barnyard lookin ass bitch.
I can fix my grammar but u still fat awe boy you smell like monkey sex he had the hoes too He must think you bump pussy.
Look at all those bitches fuck her right in the pussy some of them bitches give you more than a virus Id pop dat lemon for some real pussy.
Id break that little bitches finger done that spell check we know you meant fat liberal Dyke feminist Nazi bitches right in the pussy kike your a soft nigga is my big long lost brother I swear.
I dont know what Id do without this wetback.
you a bitch nigga eyy that pushin one for me bro cause you know that bitch better blow hah when bitches get inches they be like.
so what ur sayin is all I mess wit is hoes?
1v1 gun game pussy fag Apple TV got the NFL channel on that bitch, Im pretty sure theyre all on there.
although I will concede that bitch bought into the funnel bitches to Dwight tho.
bitch I got a ring now ho I aint fatherless no more ill fight you.
bitch you opulent as fuck refrain from conversing upon matters of the middle class.
listen cuntrag whore bitch, shit be expensive as fuck, man.
lyin ass bitch you a fatherless wallet carrying ass video game playing ass negro breh.
Quit bein a faggot and suck that dick I was gonna hold my tongue until I could get into another team but I couldnt do it anymore theyre fuckin retarded.
Shins a faggot.
randies are fags So you gon call me a nigger because of that?
Fuck wrong with you?
just fuckin roasted this faggot Son.
We the sammich family out this bitch.
shit aint gon be funny when you need me to get you outta a horrific car crash, bitch.
youre filled with pimps and hoes.
hell no cause Brad still walked away like yeah i fucked that niggas bitch we should hang out ovenjew.
People waste time on nigs.
they still fucking trash.
that should read suck on my bacon encrusted middle finger Muslim twats touch muzzie fuckers, hope it was set to go full of bacon and pork rinds still shouldve walked over and said something pussy I got u bitch I argue that Cersei is neither evil nor a bitch.
Shes greedy, desperate to protect her children and to be valued in a world give me credit lil bitch my fuckin back still hurts but it was worth it.
u think that dream has anything to do with those two dumb bitches in San Diego lol ant is a pussy man, dont make me pull up the pic!!!!
im a boss ass bitch lol youve tweeted bitch an excessive amount for you today.
yourself faggot buy a dictionary thanks bruh dont ever forget we still on the look out for these faggots .................................
Sounds like there are some major bitches in your area.
You can always gets da colored folk back in da cage wit da KFC lmao this nigguh Ill try tomorrow Gonna try and eliminate the word bitch out of my vocabulary.
I need to start bettering myself shes a right twat, Id tell you, honestly Sky!
Honestly make me white trash cousin fucker nothin much cousin touching white trash wigger wannabe bitch boy dick sucking fucking gay bitch you a fucking wigger so stfu Yeaa black bitches actin like they too good for an average nigga like they just got A1 credit and pussy , um no that only a fuck you bitch and done xavier will hopefully respect girls bc I am doing it alone and I dont want that I never said you was a hoe guilty consents ass girl fag you better feel the love...
I dont even show these hoes love lol lmao denote got a bitch here right now but he love her I want it to be somewhat of a collage ..
Jus little shit to let niccas know we still here a nicca anxious to hear that shit my g my nicca!
You guys wanna skull Fuck some clay birds this weeknd???
But...country music listeners really are hicks and alcoholics big booty hoes!
oh you mean Noah zimmermans cute ass .
I mean he should, he talks to his hoes all day everyday .
his girl Courtney sooo and fuck you too ya little bitch you look like a Mexican sucking a cock in ur profile leezy got all the bitches u can just ask him to suck his dick not that hard white trash niger shit pic master hoe protecting ass bow tie nigga Im partial, faggot..homo...both fairly describes the same sick twisted Assholes out there.
But nice try faggot!
what do you want fag your a fag do it then pussy ill fuck you til you love me faggot shut up you stupid bitch at least after nearly two decades of complete trash they put out ATYSYC to redeem themselves.
these niggas must be deaf.
Quest dont get bitches!
Agent zero bitches because its hilarious how it makes teabaggers freak out.
Ill do it again too.
whole hoe outchea.......
I was hangin on them corners late Pockets wasnt straight, bitch!
I would have loved to watch Newman bitch slap Johnson Id pay to see that Everybody knows that bitches love mullets we need to grow mullets together so we can get all the bitches and can hate on us also is search of dirty white trash hookers for the weekends awww shit lol I want my money too bitch.
oh you little bitch you.
Shit might be fun drunk bitch better back up, Katys mine No, Cpt Commando is a hoe and a cocksucker when a bitch look his way why would a white man even go to a nigger hell hole of Detroit?
Yall good niggers!
Happy Another Group of 365 Days, you weird ass son of a bitch.
Hoping there are riots in Htown Kiss these nuts, bitch!
Tyler isnt shit faggot go listen to some real music fag faggot you dont know shit about me faggot bitch absolutely retarded article am i really a fag if Im liking that video fag faggot not funny u faggot ugly goldigging cunt u probably have an uncircumcised penis faggot ur brother looks so queer and ugly no pressure hoe hoes saying eyebrows on fleek ..
Search it on twitter James, nobody save a couple illiterate, inbred teabagger morons gives a flying fuck about your revelations.
damn your bitch really hoen for the F!!
nigger you are bigger than I am.
momma didnt raise no sukka, bitch!
use monkey maker you prick!
I hate that shit.
Like bitch dont ask me for shit makin me waste my time and your dumb ass aint even using it.
I remember his nephew Lucas crying and dan saying quit being such a pussy and grow a pair or something.
Texas is redneck heaven.
haha yuhh that hoe was funny stank ass hoes haha bitch fuck you bitch lol shut up bitch suck a dick hoe youre gay bitch no bitch lol lmao youre on my timeline it aint spying hoe lol bitch you beat after losing twice lol and we won 11, you just a hater bitch answer me lol bitch you cant even say no lol lmao youre a bitch boy lol thanks bitch hahah Vegas aint ready for us lol shut up bitch that dont mean youre not balling lol shut up hoe lol that means youre balling if youre Jewish lol I dont love hoes lol youre a bitch lol please tell those fuming cops that they are a bunch of coward little bitches, and should not be allowed near weapons.
theyre both big bitches tho lol good leave you stupid faggot huh, lol mad nigger is mad you aint got no hoes lil jess youre a lil guy who did you rob, them hoes like 4 online bitch ass nigggaaa I say it all the time same with fag and queer its all about the context I suppose, some people are just looking to get offended The fact this bird ass nigga took my phone and did a light skin pose in school smh lol time to call hoes Feels like its been a year since I seen ya queer lolol Nooo Ambers supposed to kill me fag dont let idiots that cant even spell retarded get you down.
Your so damn perf NOT ugly.
Seriously dis bitch must be blind!
I can trap anywhere I wanna just because I aint a bitch n in rarely solo.
go on Craigslist bitches be on there my luck the bitch gonna drug me an I wont even kno what happened lmao she can suck dick tho thats better than brownies ur avi prolly shoot dust out your phone cuz that shit so old u cat fishing the bitches on here lmao youre a bitch I cant be homeless in 2014....
but them bitches better not slip in 2015 bitch I might be Bitch you just an inch taller than me we normal height Jessyca and Daysi are just some short bitches lmao madonnas music sucks?
yeah youre fucking stupid if you think gaga is better.
retard
Day is like coloreds dat wrap day hoes like mummies
I likes wiggers dat wanna be fucked by coloreds happy birthday faggot ?
Are you a race traitor or just a dumbass?
Hey Jim youll love this Just like FAT CHICKS NEED LOVE TOO I guess.
no homo bro love ya to!!
Tech 9 this bitch haha an just dont be a hoe about it!
Haha Bitch you old ass mushroom ass bitch looking like a moldy ass toe wobbly raggedy ass vagina face BYE
Youre such a bitch Carlton.
Youre lucky your fathers a judge.
You need to insert a chill pill up your ass.
Twice a day until your bitch assness goes away.
is such a retard!
Biden Calls Himself White Boy in Meeting With Black Pastors I guess blaspheme to your Allah is ok if your pos muzzie huh?
sit down and stfu raghead shut up faggot But that bitch could care less about Benghazi victims!
Dog Government jobs is the SHIT.
I done got my last few off that bitch.
sweet comeback u fuckin herb I dnt watch soccer but id still wax your bitch ass in it go swallow the red soxs kids ur from NYC fag youre such a pussy is big cat a fat pussy joke?
go eat bear shit you fuckin yokel dont talk to your hoe that way lol wyo bitch You sound like youre pussy whooped.
Youre a sensitive, pussy whooped, no sense of humor, neo zoom maxi dweeb.
Now sit your ass all the way down.
true but then again Im my opinion a hoe is someone who goes and sleeps with everybody pussy he talkin bout we wanna be human and Im just like ....
bitch whet?
Im a lil nigga??
Wait till you see nigga.
Im from Chicago boy I aint no pussy from the burbs.
Just wait fuck no faggot you wouldnt last a day there hoe.
she playin pussy hole bingo.
She drawing the next number damn took this dumb spic nearly 2 days to respond, wuz really good tho beaner?
shut yo beaner ass up spic and hop your faggot ass back across the border little nigga, go listen to some pitbull shut up pussy faggot i know bout yo wack ass dreads nigger nah youre a nigger Kik is for hoes.You either gone shit or get off the pot.
aint no love 4 these hoes shit he prolly is other than that everybody else trash Cowboys fans are cunts?
I know some Asian folks that would love to see how you prepare your pussy before eating it.
Im not a bitch.
Take it back.
I totally think the something when bitches come across mine saying we are similar.
Uh no bitch merry Christmas amen little mama.
y does this old southern country bitch like you so much I dont know.
block or mute the cunt or a southern bitch like me who will blow a persons heart out of their back wone shot!!!!
thank god Im just an old redneck bitch from Memphis ,Tn.
And not a troll fuck u nigger jus exsposin hoes on a whole different level I want some.....Im so damn tired of being in the fucking kitchen, a bitch is hot and needs a glass of wine and a back rub bitch, wake up!
gross, ill stick with my galaxy, it will still receive those nips not nappy head hoe though if he wants bitches tip toein on his marble floors he will aint nobody asked yo faggot ass for a comment i know you peeped already you gay thats what u do for a living on sale ass hoes big titty bitch lmao fuck it good party
Where the fuck were you this summer bitch?
bye hoe dnt use my shit against me hoe negro please yes u hoe dont favorite me you faggot we need more opinionated bitches.
shut the fuck up faggot ass Knicks cock sucker your opinion is irrelevant fag teabaggers are extremely dumb...
you got some new hoes for us?
I didnt know you was following me hoe politics isnt twitter coon lol choke on something hoe lmao cunt fuck off my pussy boi bitch me bitch im tryna keep a clean track record the fuck bruh we dont love these hoes is an evil hate whitey racist who thinks Delbert Belton deserved it.
This bitch had like 4 teeth I swear lol im joked out bitch you stupid!
likkadawgg turn up ya bitch...fw ya dawg man tf bitch you had brain surgery and aint tell me??!?
make that llama your bitch bitch.
lets get a group together do something negro, Im home ugly nigger its funny how this page quoted my tweet about the term camel jockey bc I AM a fucking Arab you dumbass thanks kass I respect you.
Not you Annie, youre a bitch.
bitch nigga ily hoe cheer up pretti lol tell that hoe grow up ahaha fuck bitches I know nigs yo bitch, I miss you too.
dont get it twisted said aint playin ny state of mind when bitches is around clicks link I woulda jus told skylar one night hey I got a flight in the mornin...you wit it or nah while textin my brazilian bitch LOL this is why u my nig he jus need to go to brazil get himself a bad brazilian bitch and jus relax if yo girl let them in, she a hoe...she belong to the world, why u cuffing her why is he stressin himself this nig can be livin lik meech before he went to prison your welcome my nig bitch your yuck gotta love it when the islamofascist cow tries to make a retort about age, typical muzzie idiocy im on that hoe now lmaooo hell naw nigga you must was playing school of blind and cripple shut up bitch it ainn complete witout Money Melle n it please acknowledge my existence you amazing son of a bitch see bitch this is why you have no friends look here bitch if i wanted to be gramatically correct, i would have im talking about the pucture of the pussy cat you nit twit Him as well, They like their fried chicken,esp the spear chuckers.
Mr.Cox,the Chase me Charlie of his day.Bend over boy,while I conjugate your Ae That twat Barry Hearne.It would seem to be all about there was no option for teams to share the venue.
nahh , whatever you are spook or spic, I still dont like you .
Good day bitches aint shit but hoes with tricks do it i fucking dare you faggot you cant call someone a fag if youre snuggling up with guys so if your 17 and in high school you dont have your own house you fucking faggot faggot the stupidest bitch brb crying he called me stupid Ohh Mr Im all tough cause I live in a retarded city thinks hes cool.
People like you should be shoveling my snow, broke bum.
apply to thunder valley bitch look here Im a thirsty ass bummy ass bitch ass 17 year old niqqa.
I jus wanted to know if I can get a follow back please when bet now i make sure that bitch is not involved thats 1 thing floyd and pac can agree on she screwed em both finished the essay and the quiz bitch ok I just wanted to know bitch at 520 if youre not here Im out Because Ians retarded lol nigga them look like a combo of trash in your house trash at the dump on god niggaa be tryna say aids been out longer and shit like no bitch Ebola been out here the bad bitch with them ugly ass nikes Lol Im not you just cant be sad about things you cant control.
But when you walk that stage my nigglet Ill be happy lmaoo I think I want this bitch YA me tiene cansada but thanks wait hold up ...
Who u fighting u stupid fuk head bitch and the plastic surgery of a tranny.
quit being a baby hit that patchouli pussy!
so shes retarded?
Toodles to you bitches speaking of little bitch you didnt even do all your squats you little bitch kept talking to distract everyone else icu if I can get this bitch to go bitch you know the lingo hoe lol lol toughen up pussy that hoe skilled we gotta find this hoe boi stop!
Aint no hoes in the 11th ward...never have been either, thats why nobody knew where our hood was..aint no hoes i got a dyke wit a child as whse mgr, and she jus hired another girlboy dis week....
Wear your shoes ya big bitch .....you missed the couch shot Ray Allen bailed you out ......pussy r u a faggot?
that shit chunky lol psh if a sexy bitch gotta sexy voice she can easily get shit goin pussy stop being a pussy.
ha ha look what this fag said lol u pulled.that queer shit as spon as u put no homo lol yep lmao.
Waddup ho hahahh thank you fag boy!
exactly so tweet some other shit fuck all that dont be like everybody this aint monkey see monkey do koiya
Inch that bitch out and flick it wit my tongue like a damn pinada dont pay dem bitches and they dirty ass chucks no mind bro we gotta get like 20 heads to go.
Everyone brings tree, some bring food, bitches, and liquor of course.
is having a birthday so make sure you tell that bitch be happy.
celebrate without drugs lol damn.
my dad was going super saiyan ape shit.
nooo I am....lmfao and dont bitch me ya bitch lmao...nigga talking like he bag bitches I have never seen such ignorant, illiterate pieces of shit in my life.
Bring in Natl Guard disperse this trash.
says the scrawny nigger.
prairie nigger haha alright well you gotta get here and see this bitch haha youll scare the shit outta him I already have haha no but I was ready to slap that bitch again he came walkin in my room to say hi while I was playin saints in my underwear bitch Fuck you bitch all bitches all day all the time fucking losers wetbacks My ass just wont be on that hoe!
Im a dirty ass nigga with a clean dick.
Fucked a bitch in her ass then she sucked my dick.
this hoe what you say bitch?
bare it bitch.
See what I did there keep them around so new bitches know they could be the next ex if they dont stay in line.
were talking about fucking you right in the pussy yer dirty pussy do it pussy No woman deserves to be sole stomped like that.
He is a bitch, and so is everyone watching doing nada.
you Sick bitch didnt even invite me shut up bitch niggahs be like im draggn my nutts in 2 degree weather , out tgere Frozed like a bitch so your a dumb bitch?
ur so anal stfu for once u bitch basically we aint got room for basic bitches.
she got them bitches worked on bitch I know you seen me tweet bout you bitch bye.
bitch who is you?
alright nah bitch you want play on Twitter.
you got cancer hoe bitch you didnt feed me.
You asked my to buy you a burger bitch nobody want you bitch thats why Im bouta go to waffle bitch you not coming now we have a Ebloa case in Texas.
If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
I read that in his voice like a hoe fml both or half breed ex at the gym.
Ugh Nice pussy.
idk you into mouthy spics on welfare with 6 kids and 3 baby daddys?
haha Noo bitch now!
Im jst fckn w you.
Ive always wanted to jigg hella good too.
go back to nigeria faggot ratchet white trash some white bitch on Facebook lol get a real hair cut faggot.
ur a fucking half breed dog.
yall playful dont come dumb hoes booty wop sided as hell pussy they bout to try and hoe you next what are you doing up right now Tavares.
Kickin my bitch to curb for being too dramatic again?
reason for why he only rap about pussy...
youre a coon Im apparently the Good Luck Chuck of bitches.
Shes a cunt.
Well, wouldnt coast YOU that much but I dont see you going bass fishing with a bunch of rich rednecks either.
you hoes aint loyal nigga caping for the bitch like we havent all seen her nudes already..
What does he want tf pussy whipped She doin homework you jiggaboo.
Let her be Nigga what.
115 without a warm up and you traveled like a bitch stick to the court hoe bitch follow me I hope so, the bitch was annoying!
That was a cyber bitch slap for sure!
Whered you go big mouth bitch?
Busy Choking on that Cock I told you to find?
Breeding a Nation of Pussies, now how the hell is a Man, a Man...IF HEs A PUSSY!
Im concerned, WE have pussies psychos!
yeah, I seen you tweet about bitch block.
yeah...I try NOT to follow them ZULU looking bitches.
so everybody knw I misspell shit ...
ion proof read shit!!!
let ah bitch call me dumb ima back dey ass up Yeah!
they love the real niggas or niggers.
but bitch nobody was wanting your ass.
U assumed that cuz u let dogs run up in yo filth u think i want some of it...NOT!
They have mix, not all are retards.
AAP is Maoists, terrorists,Congies and delusional Retards but S HE got a pussy now which makes him a her.
Atlanta niggas Bay niggas gotta chill.
Im shitting on you hoes.
stfu nigguh Ive been reading the manga for the longest and you know that poor poor parker has nothing...without aaryn 2 bitch about no 1 would even know he was around a looser dat bitch a tampon I gotta keep my hoes on private.
Im taking out the black ghetto trash.
Youre blocked nigger I thought you was talm bout the school wifi I was gon say all you had to do was ask a bitch man yall niggas chill man Im High af tho .
Yall niggas aint even tell me who the hoe is belle bitch?
omg my mom did it on Christmas once if I hadnt been the hostess that year I wouldve slit her throat You and should name a group called MOB Moaning old bitches shut the fuck up you cry baby, all you do is bitch and whine about life, shits retarded.
uh oh its 911 what you gonna preach and cry about today faggot.
fag fake niggah!
shit gettin money fuckin hoes uk how dat go lmaooooo doesnt wife these bitches he seems like a weak faggot so probably yea I almost have enough rank to buy some stuff from the purple bitch.
buck beaners security started pushing him that jetsgreen faggot around Slutty ass dykes nigga yes you do!
Take me on a ride in that bitch pleaseee free world bitch rams are for fags you dont want to battle, you shook cause aint no such things as half way crooks ....bitch youre still a free world bitch , dont deserve your 313 area code !
yeah I like them too but Im not annoying ass bitch about it.
Support them but dont bitch Im gonna tell my friend not to buy your scuf now dumb chink frail pussy use coconut oil faggot this shit sorry than a hoe the witches took them hoe nvm thought we were talking fifa sorry matt youre not trash at zombies its got good mojo for sure.
Paybacks a bitch Nice pussy.
miss you ya fucker, send me a txt every now and again like ya used to all ill do the same ya twat p yes.
Touch my bitch?
Get ya shit knocked lucky as bitch ft.
Juicy J u aint bout it wop stop calling her a bitch crystal voice yes bitch.
eeeeeeeee you got the hoes like the cure time when u shut da fuck up from gettin in other folks bizness like a lil bitch we block us then and see what happens.
You think we on ya high yellow ass now.
Just watch T.o.
was a faggot crybaby stfu hoe bitch fuck you get out my mentions malzeno!
would be funnier if America and not pussy Canada.
So of course ima mugg back.
Cant bitch out lol thank you for proving my bitch ass wrong tonight.
ya 5 games are you a retard?
Am not down with gay shit u better ask my bitch bitch you can get to.
bring yo bitch ass whith em jump in want to and get yo ass beat up hoe Im at work til like 8 stop looking porn fag bitch I told you to hit me when you got back cuz bitches love cheesy you a fag b stop being bitchy bitch Ha!!!!
The shyt niggas tell hoes 2 ho wanna be more...
follow me bitch lol u too good to follow back ha ha Anything to trash this black President!!
just got his pussy kicked, hes out, done, wins, per Fox News....
In many areas has that look, but need to see bean countsaid it before, beans are a bitchtend to do what you dont expect was like had some gas cause I hit that bitch one time and ended up talkin shit all night bitch was fried I am brown, while you are black and ignorant, your stupidity makes me sick, typical thug looking nigger.
thats why the hoes love her...they can relate to being lonely depressed lol Its s favorite fucking jam!
I havent seen it, but judging by there being a little girl in it, its probably trash you tryna say Im a pussy?
I aint no pussy duuuuuuu keep ya draws on hoe!!
you know what you did you faggot.
There are literally thousands of people that have you on their radar homo geta Life faggot nah its bc Im a bad bitch pussy pussy shit here its a wtf dude are you fucking retarded thx hoe Your a dirty cunt mate lol if it were close than we could bitch but that was going on 10 to zip on scorecards ...
Rightful mercy stoppage yea, it looks faglike suck my dick you cunts good bitch your a cunt ayyy tell that bitch in your avi she needs fix a flat for dat flat ass shut your legs hoe bitch fuck you!!
You cut off until I get my snacks from fat boys !
bitch stop harassing me!!!!!!!
you killed that hoe bitch im always out damn makin bitches jealous in reality Twitterfacebook.
my fuckin mom is a bitch.
Like she aint even payin for it.
u really got these coons out here dreaming how is it fucked up, you fucking retard?
condemning Ray Rice, yet supporting Chris Brown, whos a women abuser.
Lovin all the pussy pics Shit your ass and shabbat your moms pussy u Jew bastard.
Heil Hitler!
yaaaas bitch oh bitch you toooo far!
Be not a twat my son.
Dis bitch gots spunk!
pussy its the truth...
We dont love these hoes up your ass you little twat who is this we..?
I dont love hoes barely a rhyme dumb bitch bitch wigga why the fuck r u in this conversation with yo stalking ass bitch I dont want yo fat ass following me hoe bitch am dumb bitch am smarter than yo fat Peter Griffin looking ass bitch when r u going to get ur round, I just fucking said this just proving my point bitches like u be proving my point, u speak on shit u know nothing about I got a fucking at studio movie grill just stfu now fuck that stfu shit how a bout u stop being a little bitch and get it round cuz u avoiding question u fucking scarry u calling me a pussy but u not bout shit fuck all this talking lets pop shit off then wow your fucking lame we all laughing at ya.
Hey fat ass u want Twinkie, and what u said made no sense go eat or something lmao im bein foreal fuck all them bitches like that!
Uhhh naw you the niggah thats that i dont FW that nigga he pussy well I for damn sure aint putting on no pussy ass romo jersey all I heard was Im a bitch nigga youre such a bitch my phone was dead fag man happy birthday!!
I hope the bitches got you something good
so is my pussy touch my throbbing pussy haha 1.
Those fag colors are reserved for shut up coon.
Has transformed to a bad bitch.
She can get the D I want to suck your pussy slap a bitch Thats what happens when you have pussies for presidents and generals, you have to fight the same war over and over again.
I dont follow you because everything about your company is white trash.
ugly bitch cdfu
She be what we say in da hood white trash
Yall whitey gots to PAY fo da preparations My mfn BIRTHDAY!!!
Pink Champaign in dat bitch!!!
it sucks rachels sister is such a snobby bitch n rach is so nice!!!!!cant stand elissa, so snutty sup nappy headed hoe you got quiet shut up you nappy headed hoe happy birthday bitch
spiked that bitch damned nailed her down that area is a bitch regardless so I can imagine I aint no lady bitch what that pussy do tho?
lol ive gotten into with retards on here who actually think i am my avi ive gotten called ugly black bitch.
like......
it is, we be thugging on these bitches too hard now days bitches crazy I am working fag fine walk bitch better bitch!
I wasnt serious bitch bitch them niggas i named aint fuccing witcho ass we all just making shit up bitch ion talk to 3 shit ion even talk to 1 can you even name 1 ?
Lol Lakers are trash I swear to god nigger you better still hang with me before work.
You got my hype do you work today niglet?
Got a date with the baddest bitch around!
I got tits as big as a hoe so it evens out bitch you said you dont even like trae , fuckin poser!!
hes a little bitch in general , fug Seattle ohhhhhh , I smell a challenge .
USA vs USA next time I see ya bitch ass peace my negro !
unfortunately you are correct sir , still eat shit and die though ....bitch should have fucked that bitch up Wonder how many US citizens have joined ISIS after listening to Joe Scarborough trash this black President?
You bitch and complain about how bad our vets are being treated yet you are still willing to send them off to war?
Sick idiot!!
thats a goddamn terrible joke you gbe lookin bitch you already know they go to fed for me ah bitch be ready to walk out the door ....you tink u done made a funny?
bitch Im proud to be black, ur a samba ugly gay nigga bitch fucking peace of shit yall is coons n uncle toms nigga I seen yo ass at da welfare center, punk bitch, aint worth my time work, is something adults do for money, not borrow from money...
Broke bitch fuck you, stupid ass coward ass punk bitch faggot ass racist piece of shit.
Bitch, aint worth my time!
rape?
The only way you could get pussy.
Haha u broke bitch.
No women would ever fuck you.
Fuck you Uncle Tom bitch, I remember yo punk broke ass naw them boys trash we started coasting lmao 60 but Im hella skinny so bitches dont like me this pic is trash.
D!ck is dry af.
Dont be a bitch.
I send them hoes because aint nobody gone play me but geez lmao not when they ask for them ohh yaa, he wants Brooke to be his pinkie toe so he can bang it on the coffee table.
What a twat!!
Lol I fucking hate you lmao but thank you, little dick van dyke Where your white hoes at bro lol wake and bake before school hoe !!!
yep, them bitches are dumb af....loyal but dumb lol Im so tipsy...
I just tried to relate hoes to mild sauce and make it relevant lol i think i need to see said bitch in question yeah, what a bitch, eh?
life sucks.
everyone should have the equal opportunity to lose their shirt in divorce court.
I swear I thought you were describing a pussy.
ay nigguh so when ya coming back I dont know, Im hoeless, so I dont know where they congregate bitch some blockhead hoe, she aint nothing,boo only one problem theres a no pussies allowed sorry ...
bitch im sick .
freeze bitch mhm bitch dont play with your life lmao yes bitch bitch please.
bitch please.
We were making those brownies at 4 am tired as a bitch.
under the circumstances theyre pretty good ik he felt like a bad bitch.
Take it down a notch dex
Cuz in my hood folk worried about da watermelon not growin and da chicken too small try being respectful, instead of acting like a fucking retard.
lmao nigga shoulda said I would be balless bc dat cold bitch wont stop blowin me
He even scare me and I is a nigger
Dat colored guy be braisin Hey fag, I said this was your aunts.
Ware da colored elite meet to eat Thanks for calling me a fucking fag.
That pup was like, this bitch is AWESOME!
you a lil bitch man,keep my name out to mouth.
he is a redneck fuck.
You suck it commie bitch even this piss colored piece of shit bought a one.
Smh I hate you now you may not like my stance on cops, but i didnt and would not call you a cunt.
thats like what some trailer trash chick would name their cat nah that shit gets me heated.
I have the smartest mouth and know what Im doing and get called a retard.
Im done playing games always down patty never been a pussy suck on my throbbing pussy suck it up pussy Jews and white race traitors have to be swept clean so the Aryan race can survive.
Im already a hot white bitch and hot Latina get on my level bitch me too these bitches drippin sauce which one bobby bitch or hot nigga?
Im already out that bitch hahaha Im signing up and its ghetto as fuck lmaoo i trusted you queer cakes!
wheres the passion?
she made me do it dammit that kids a fag Oil?
bitch you cookin?
Alright pussy.
Who the Hell needs permission for anything from that fatassed, ghetto whore?
big fucking deal...cry baby niggers Fuck her right in the pussy nigga I still pull tho, and fuck you bitch u stfu bitch who scarry am not backing down from no fuck nigga the fuck you talking bout hoe ass nigga stop dat talking and pull up fuck what a nigga gonna do I wanna see it and tell that nigga to stop acting like a bitch then bitch i hit you with the dm and a nigga aint dm back hahahaha move bitch get out the wayyyeee haha pussy lololol what did you search?
Gay redneck episode 1 play?
a bitch got 8 Im trinna change 2 just wait....karma is a lucky bitch!
bitch you hella late I went yesterday lol burnt tho ..
Jus like a nicca your such a bitch lol faggot faggot ass fucking snitch now kindly fuck off, like you said you were..twice!
you sound like a little bitch...bitching!
FUCKIN STALKER!
I called him a pussy and got blocked real quick by him and Bobby Kelly.
no comparison the Beatles are a bunch of cunts, but the band that matters the most is The Faces IMO.
dishing Texas trash talking pts with racist maybe if GBush had apologize for all his sins he wouldnt be hiding he forced it lol mad bitches came to my mind thru every bar FaceTime me nigger hope not, I love dat bitch think its cause she saw me doing biceps lmao jk im still a bitch !
And when you getting money the hoes gone come so how does that sound gay ?
Rather make money anyday Yeah them hoes straight ima grab that light blue pair not dykes or anything just like a nig to come home when ever they want no one cares nigger to late niggers died first whats up nigger idk who gave that bitch my name this bitch not tellin me white bitch?
bitch get yo duck ass off my shit look at this nigger ass nigger shit right here lay in it brother Im a honky Yankee noodle is fucking awesome ya bastard.
let a honky know man lol hey hoe ima call his retarded ass thats what i call it too !!
Lol its beyond ghetto smh but man u needa quit playin and come back just know a countryass old bitch in Tn.
has ur back!
thanks for the invite tho bitch niggers your just building the pussy up lmao!
haha because Im too cool for them hoes lmao jk I got reported supposedly that I was a fake account the bitch that took my phone yep, which is messiermore dangerousmore environmentallyunfriendly than their retarded new spouts.
fuck balls kike nigger cunt tits cocksucker chink spic piss bitch bastard pussy faggot.
kill yourself ugly ass monkey looking shit you gonna be 33 years old with no bitches watch...lol what a smelly hater bitch here come the desperate hoes yes Im white washed because I dont go around repping my hood and saying a bunch of ignorant nig terms.
But no joke I will say NO IT IS NOT an Oleander and wife will say Son of a bitch..
Ron, yes the hell it is get out your book Calm down you little Asian lol just go flip a bitch!
fuck you bitch Did you take a picture of your pussy I hope you super sized it because its huge grand canyon size boy talk about a,special kind of stupid far left is a under statement down retarded another keyboard commando in real life you hide like a little bitch dont get head from hoes with overbites its a band negro
exotic bitches do exotic things these hoes aint loyal mine will say the intimidator cause bitches cant handle it.
..biggest liars ever ...republican teabagger asshats like stockboy if u zoom in you can see his hairy nipples sleep niggah!
Lol Ill bitch slap you to the shadow realm!
come draw and paint with me niggah!
fuck you fag!
fuck you niggah you gay.
Lol go to sleep you fag!
in San Diego niggah!
niggah you gay!
Youre still a faggot .
you wish niggah!!!
kik me u nigglet I need to know when we outs to the pool text me u nigglet Where does that fucking muzzie edict come from?
An end to the ordination of women and faggots, whose only aim is to weaken and split our communion.
Chippah I hopes you aint be hangin wit dis wigger boy one charlotte store, but of course they are faggots bitch been on there for ah mintue cdfuuuu bitch nigga bitch tits I know you are a pussy ass coward that is weaker and smaller like GZ we dont send pussy ass cowards to old sparky yeah because George Zimmerman is a pussy ass coward.
When you see him again.....That son of a bitch owes me money!
right these hoes aint loyal This bitch is not only an idiot but a troll!
so keep spewing ur shit put your money up pussy alright then well in calling you a pussy also Fuckin muzzie cunts, should all be deported, savages Gs up, hos down, Rush.
I mean clearly he likes to party.
Screw the ragheads.
I called your bitch ass oh, its coming up, little bitch, and the U.S.
Itll be a thrill to watch.
you fuckin Yankees Ill be there in 2 months Ill meet you pussy dryer then them bad ass eyes of your fag Yup, he did, like a straight bitch
The Biebs is getting fucked right in the pussy
This look more like your little baby son of a bitch.
right in the pussy the whole bunch of the trash needs 2 jus go away.
they r jus trash!!!
ppl gonna bitch...
I dont love these hoes thats Arabic for you one pussy gettin motha fucka lmoa high as giraffe pussy I thought it was beyond retarded not scary at all!
Nigga YOU the pussy.
can we plz go to Starbucks and do that.
Ebola sounds like a really ghetto hood name tbh.
shut up bitch nigga back up faggot hell no man Im retarded good at situps..
that run was weak tho do I look like mike Vick bitch Article is flawed.
Even had 2 ghetto gals with a jammy Hipurnt 9 but well done bitch you like men faggot.
new york niggas quick to take off on a bitch in public boy lol!!!!!
shouldve caught it the first time nigger taking off like a bitch bra idgaf hoe nicca u read what i typed u aint slo by a long shot dont play dumb now litebrite lol why hold back?
Just say theyre as retarded as their tits are fake theres no in between...
This nothing to do with my shoes you ignorant twat.
Damn you just called yourself a bitch bruh ?
Lol Fucking coon Im talkin bout sluts and hoes in general fuck your mother, faggot I dont hate that he blew up from 3005 like a hipster but I hate the faggots who say they love his music based off his worst I honesty think the internet is just full of retards.
before I went off to college I wanted to get a ukulele but quickly realised Id be a bigger fag than the guitar kid in the quad.
Im retarded!
whatever hoe This guy would SO get a show on Spike if they could somehow revive the son of a bitch.
Id watch.
You retarded bruh lol Just played against a Heimer support.
Biggest faggot ever.
if I get blocked Ill be on that bitches porch drunk and yelling.
Yeah, somethin like a hispanic lmfao I wasnt scanning anything..the fat hoes was hittin me up how you gonna compare sushi to pussy tho there aint no dicks going in your sushi laughin at my screenshots.
no bitch, this might be a code red.
how about I just fuck you right in the pussy hes a lying faggot.
yes i like dick and i hate bitches.
aye sae en feeld kawkin dyke apparently not many bitches have seen that
Cants even fool a colored man wit dis bullshit that bitch was going or nawl bitch ass voices in his head haha bitch ass Jorge Haha aint you at work nigga?
Im drunk that hoe by myself bro solo dolo biiiiiiiitch dont start with this again haha my niggggg grandma come over hoe!!
If ya want Ill try to scoop ya up today if ya shut up faggot fuck you bitch pussy x3 get some sleep pussy.
letting people know you having relationship problems arguing on here, thats what them hoes like, so stop.
Dumb Haitian fake black faggots.
Go to Haiti and neck yourself.
What pussies, all I see is a sweet, honest woman, but seriously you could make this stalking thing so much easier!
happy birthday bitch!
i cant why you up hoe everything but im outside come get this bitch man damn dude come get this bitch lml lmao that nigga was about to go Beethoven on that bitch still a bitch though these hoes aint loyal
Fuckin pirelli tire black ass nigga whit a white boy shirt on but my nigga did loosen up a lil bit.
haha yeah they do say im a little bitch with pick up lines like you have...I bet you get so much pussy, the numbers are in the negative.
bitch wen he ho dwn da road no wonder your career is in the dump thats where trash like you belongs.
Thanks to for pointing out your true colors PimpinKendotnet, sell a bitch pussy til its drip drop wet, the vet, not the pet!
Hey, Bitch!
is a little bitch , thats why haha how much are you payed to CONSTANTLY NOT KNOW what youre talking about???
Dumb ass wade is trash of course u would you PC lemming.one just says the word nigger.the other has all the potential to reek havoc on society Ms.
Martinez fuckin with the cripple kid?!
Sheet i cant do that too a cripple We in dat bitch, my dude!!!
be a pussy
George didnt have a twitter called no limit nigga where he talked about fighting, drugs, guns, and bitches and hoes.
I was being bitch.
Learned from my mom how to make a guy feel like hes 1 foot tall.
one time at band camp, I stuck a flute in my pussy Spanish springs You are full of it!
And the only band that sucked worse live is those fags Guns Poses.
bitch crib while she cooks me cheesed eggs if we finna hoop inside or out fucking retard thats what Im saying let me know allergic reaction lip ass nigga we some hoes bruhhh lol ya bitch crib hes texas trash bro retarded pussy games
I likes dat name.
Dem sand niggers needs to know dare place in da pecker order Jesus I would love to do that and more to those muzzie torturers, fucking animal savages shoulda came to bird mans that shit was so lit she can stay as close as she pleases nigguh say how you do that I got this lil bitch who aint getting the memo tryanna explain sumn to des young boys out here now days,they dont know wat a true pimp is I be pimpin des hoes moma Lmfaoo Im not a fag.
Gtfo Not hard to...shes kind of a hoe.
bitch watch ya tone before I drag you to the recycling bin you bitch ass nigga.
You gon end up like limewire ol .exe ass nigga shut the fuck up.
Sit down and win close games against raiders and jets faggot target got them high class hoes you bitch .
oh, you cute, you fancy bitch!
Shut the fuck up already.
I could have that chick there boobs in my face and score the fight better than the bitch that made it 114114 that bitch should be in jail for that 114114 lmfao!!!!!
I remember all the rednecks in my school with that shit lol I had free tickets and couldnt go because I had chemistry aint that a bitch I knew farquaad a faggot Pusha T and Ye gonna have to write the whole bitch so your a nigger fighter huh byee iverrishaa ghetto ass name jim Hogg county a dirt poor democrat leaning county..
Been there its a near ghetto Knocked that bitch soul out her body lol no ur wrong stupid nigger on god my bitch bad dead babies piled up like trash at a dump Something to be proud of ha lol like at selenas horny bitch lol those god damn bitches smh run away!!!
Drake is bitch made for that, likes Phonte so much and wont do a track over that....
nah son we ca go half if it was my girl bitches be wanting to spend 400 and up on some fake hair like who let em bring Da heat in dis bitch ..
bro is one of the rawest niccas doin dis shit!
fr 12 was Finna bam a nicca he said yu lucky I jus got a robbery call bro do you fist bitches with that shit its a song hoe Aye bitch.
But not disaster pussy.
That thing is a wreck.
faggot but you sent me hella nudes.
Hmmmm lmao, soft ass nigga trying to act all tough, you a little bitch.
Sit down and watch from the sidelines pussy.
shut the fuck up, your wack as fuck.
Garbage mohawk having faggot, stop making music and shovel my snow scrub.
Me tweeting about eating pussy from the back with my tongue in that made that obvious...lol only 3 12 yrs till next pres.
bitches bout what odumba left herhim
Pubes.
In my day, we never talked about no faggots So says the one who fills an empty hole inside herself by worshiping a royal.
Who 4 all u kno may be a raging snotty bitch Ima make you a sick entrance song my nig you let me know then lol Ill go over and kill all them hoes faggot sack I am just saying..
I would beat you down like the bitch that you are...
then put my foot on your neck and shoot you LOL dude..
I got a DD214 that would make a pussy like you cry for the enemy.
bitch Boy bitch.
no reason to hit with you when I know you pussy I wont get no cool points I lied, it hurt like a bitch, and it bruises your arm.
I would suggest you dont do it lol because them niggas that told you bitch made they not real niggas or any kind of real whooooo?
Fuck her lol.
She juss a bitch bruh we can finally roll like rednecks drug dealers idk lets do some redneck shit.
if we dont hang out until the concert smh ima kill a bitch well hes a cunt and he can suck my ass you fucking twat just start talking pussy boi you aint shit pussy lol go get hit you aint been touched in 10 yrs lmfao and I replied hoe gotta love Tanner Country, hoes all,haha!
thanks, the bitch that proofread my tweets on vacation this week...
youre such a faggot why ur profile a one armed nigger?
poor 5SOS has annoying ass cunts as fans.
I gotta start treatin these ugly hoes like dimes..
Before they get fine on my ass You see the bitch with the fake leg thats bout to come on??
Lmao She kinda bad doe in the Pole her pussy smell like boiled hot dog water and lizard dick.
nonexistent hoes happy birthday nicca do coon shit in a responsible way.
lol just like RGIII and go out like a weak bitch and return the next year and win 3 games Nigga I will get dick cheese and force you to eat it bitch who knows man.
Ol Martin Baker headass I am always amazed at your resilience to keep on going into the night shift.
I cunt hear you, bare ass me again I can tell from this tweet that youre a twat.
timber nigger I got hoes in different area codes I roll up to a bitch an dey like Tims a pussy hey nig thats what i thought pussy..
whats your youtube channel then faggot youre not fucking relevant...
you get followers from follow trains and then unfollow people because youre a faggot...
nigger bitch slap that asshole....with a chair!
Just saw your black NRA skit.
okay but Im the shit hoe.
That bitch is so stupid!
Lil Kim was the Queen B, Bey IS Queen B no bitch Real shit, that light armor is a bitch to find tho !
This bitch is RTing hella cheese tweets right after I said I was lactose intolerant!!
c and yes i said spitted bitch you a bitch for hoe the cookie crisp cop is on the case.
why you gotta phone in your avi texting but you got negative bitches?
and i dont have a mom bitch ass nigga u better shut your fucking mouth before i do it for you with duck ass if your going to talk shit at least back it up and fight bitch ass nigga i swear u niggas from are fake pussy boy lmfao and im still pulling hoes so how is that suppose to effect me is it suppose to hurt my felling fuck boy oh woulda coulda shoulda ass niggas bitch ass nigga, what u bout oh ban wagging ass nigga catch your phase you talkinfgalot of shit but you cant back dem words up tho bitch ass nigga u not talking about fighting bitches need guidance.
If you photshopped like with PISTONS instead of NEEDLES I might be impressed I think hes retarded or somethin come to the Davis show and celebrate with me you retard EYE WITNESS Joel is a faggot yeah hoe!
Maybe one of my bitchier birds...
you getting new pussy and not sharing??
wya bitch Deep in my pussy were your tongue should be.
faggot you were supposed to hang w me this week nigger doubt it cause a bitch aint nothing but a nigga downfall only great thing these bitches can offer she said she aint tricking off on them hoes...lls...foolish bad bitch with an open mouth trying to get a job after age 50 is a real bitch let alone a new career.
cunt nigger fuck balls tits cocksucker piss dick kike.
If you cant take swearing, dont go on the god damn internet.
Im finna get my leg dne my hands catch up hoe good one fag boy.
okay closet fag i remember a time when Hilfiger wus seen as being above Polo...until he said he aint wan niggers wearing his ish...
cunt bitch u lame as fuk lol yea ion do Brussel sprouts ..
I get tired of nigger foods lol u knw dem project bitches be having dem light brown roaches we call dem water bugs you sure ?.
And lmao pussy!
Hey...hoe di doe...dat is funny if its da girl chad reeds a fag hes a 5th kinda guy ya fag you be fucking with to many hoes .
Ahmed and retard mikey for special Olympic boxing lol thats basically like the you got too many hoes curve with your height, yeah.
Chunky bitch just called me a basic bitch and Im not sure how I feel about it and retarded.
Love is always retarded.
what a little bitch follow me u sexy bitch lebron is a bitch those guys are pussies And does he know youre calling him a fag?
shiddd add me I a turn that bitch up lmao i will literally confront some bitch asses!
das calld usen yo brain retard y would i whoop yo ass n front of da police i can guarantee a few things youre white.
100 photoshop my nig bitch.....k?
Are the guns for being a bad bitch ?
damn I just got called a hoe Go get that sum bitch remember that African bitch we used to work with at CMI?!
These bitches be like damn I hope I get this job at Target BITCH DO BETTER!!!
Still livin with ya momma ass hoe billy goat hillbillies you sucking fucking.
You disgraceful brazzen faced unabashed pig Best believe We aint no christian slave brainwash black spooks miss white man, unlike yoself, she devil at the end of the day, they call yo dumb ass monkey, pickananny hoe.
But u luv them white devils in other words you are accustomed to niggers so muchYour Almighty one can be next to u, but yo nigger will convince u that is a lame, you, a nigger liver believes it cuz you a nigger whore I dont give a flying fuck what a teabagger piece of human garbage like you thinks you are a teabagger scum who wants to threaten people with his penis extender.
hahahah for reals he was like this bitch crazy lol You DID.
You crushed his I got me an EXOTIC bitch!
if only there was a medal for that we hate fags, but we wont kill them medal.
Thank u for the privilege to let fags live.
ignore sorry I called you a bitch uncalled for gotta turn the hoe into housewife Besides, ur imposter idol looks nothing like The Word of God described the Saviour of Israel in Revelations.
envious bitch!
Selfhating kike.
you call house nigger and shes the racist?
if the bitch dont like it she cant be my bitch facts ...
IDC Iont have no bitches so Im good lol ...I fuckin want OUT Im tired of this bullshit faggot ass, closet racist, wannabecommunewithoutrailroad state what u doing bitch boy I texted u fag thats my lil Nigga in the middle .
I was locked Wid bitch this was my nigga in that bitch man!
they made up endearing names for us like nigger spook monkey ooo Logan pulling bitches you bad little bitch LMAO.
Lets hangout this weekend hoe No Im pimping out you and those guys at the park playing bitch volleyball.
Will NEVER happen faggot.
faggot.
hii fag.
is the biggest faggot in the world where have you been hoe Just like when I call someone a nigger!
Its not because theyre black, its about how they act.
LIKE A NIGGER!
Stockboy you are a joke of a representative.
teabagger bullshit..i guess the poor have all the money..tax money movers at same rate as working people..you teabaggers are traitors didnt you propose the brilliant idea of college students packing heat?
teabaggers hes just a friggin idiot that can say anything and his redneck teabagger constituants buy it.
They love stupid people hey turd cutter...stop tweeting juvenile shit and DO YOUR JOB....
teabagger stockboy U should talk.
U tweet lies and childish shit about Obama.youre very unqualified.
You only appeal to dumb rednecks you teabagger dunces want to eliminate education all together so you can groom more teabag voters.
...you are a lazy redneck.
Get back to work governing.
Stay off twitter with your lying bullshit....
..how much knob do you gobble in one day?
What a blockhead you are.
ted cruz..leader..lol lol lol lol lol OMG lol lol lol lol lol you are a funny ass redneck...lol lol lol lol Friggin Red State pussy Republican.
Golly Wompers and Dad Gum Son You lyin cheatin scoundrels fucking did it!
Man up and own it ya chicken shit pussy Republican bush took 3 times as many vacations..
republican teabaggers are pusses....wah tf?
get me on that bitch stat bye youre a queer my boots get me bitches so what a retard all he ever does is fav, fuckin cunt people bitch because they lose an hour of sleep today but it evens out and we get more daylight this is a joke right?
Youre on here like ugh I wish I was a jap and tweeting in gook and shit and jerkin to hentai.
Report me for what bitch?
This aint Facebook cunt.
Eat my pussy!
bitch you look like a shamu go back to seaword dem hoes twatchin right nie dey need uh answer room temp cus i have sensitive bitch teeth.
bitch trying to turn this shit like Facebook Im highly upset dat des bitches tryanna clown me on a media sight bitch I aint going Im going to show these bitches how its done.
Johans a free agent harveys hurt you retard.
anyone named swagner is obviously a pussy thanks ya fucking hoser u see a lame in that pic ofmine due to your infatuation with niggers.
Im Hebrew i fite the children of satan in the streets No bitch Linda over KOD fuck Miley tranny looking now damn ass nigga say that hoe has sparked a many a blunt since you left it girl thats all these hos need they dont care thats what I thought pussy no ur the blind bitch.
One less little nigger that would grow up into a big nigger.
bitch answer my calls bitch smd that bitch bouta be ZOOTED im coolin you know me same ole shit different day my nig lmao pussy lets go right now bitch and i knocked you last time lets fight right now he killed that hoe though lmaoooo I know Taylor in Brazil eating that overseas pussy lmaooooo bro you still got that shit you are a hoe we boxing when you come back nigga you a hoe for that Im rolling you got some more hoe not only that..
after he pushed him he stepped back lolol.
That was some pussy shit So was I cunt, welcome to twitter you gay, Gabrielle bad as fuck.
Even though the other bitch bad you cant cheat on a dime..foh lol thats not how you resist, you worthless retard.
But a wannabe ghetto white girl will deal with an unaccomplished black man for more than sex.
I know that bitch dont going nomo The truth hurts nigguh.
Ive been knowing fag IDC.
Thats my pussy lol imma look at a bitch ass if I wanna!!!
Aint say its wrong but its just as stupid as hoes showing up to get attention from dudes.No one is bigger than the game.
she like imma stop talking to you because you vibing in them headphones.Talk to me and come get this pussy in other words truuuu bitches dont have ANY respect for themselves so Im with you on the shit talkin lol faggot you have your nips pierced too ?!
fuck em right in the pussy hes trash dumb nigger hoes will be hoes nothing but something guys just dispose Why werent you so gung ho when you got drafted instead of shitting yourself?
You seem like another Repcon Chicken hawk..
and im beautiful bitch hoes are more fun i aint shit, you aint shit...bitch we meant for eachother nah bitch you like Pookie from new jack city shut up bitch shit trash why lil ricky stole MJ Chain and tried to flex with the bitch in his avi Nope, definitely retarded.
drinking a bitch beer outta a badass kuzie lol naw that bitch was just a sociopath
I Didnt vote for that commie bitch.
Imma get her too lmfaoooo no one asked bitch Low blow, cuntface.
How many times the Yanks beat us in the playoffs these last 8 or so years?
bitch please.
fuck them bitches I hope Navy beat em THIS week.
fuck you bitches.
Yankees missed the playoffs.
that just happened to be the year WE lost a one game playoff to them bitches from the bitch ass twin bitches.
Lucky for you.
he probably took off a point because Gibbs isnt from the East Coast and says hoes.
in that I get more bitches than you?
If so YOU RIGHT bitch ass nigga, heres a new belt for you nick background my nigger Okay and Melo bitch ?
Straight pussy fuckin pussy haha you didnt even catch it pussy I love you hoe!!
Hahahhaa aahahah who the fuck watches that trash?
thanks little bitch already know juss ordered some of this for the weekend for tha white hoes bitch ask a day off bitch those are the same options bring bitches lol youre retarded need to get outta that bitch, meridian all bad now but as long as you getting that paper you good.
Im omy to the movie right now and Im literally gonna slap a bitch if they scream or some shit.
Call me bitch again and see if I dont slap the sexy out of your mom and have Justin Timberlake bring it back.
we outchea bitch CSGO bitch.
Theyre all twats have no life lol.
x do birds have a 72 out of wedlock rate?
is it white fathers that are running away?
well then with all further ado get da fock out ya lil bitch faggot scoon you wanna ball?
stfu trash pull the trigger bitch Youre a little bitch.
cause it would their tip hand instead they whine like little bitches nope!
btw yous a hoe lol yesterday twitter was telling them same dudes that 30 pussy was the best, so have faith!
This is like Obama saying he is good for the economy.
Hipster faggot.
Funny though Hes a pussy all 3 haha.
Because Im and your sexxy bitch!!
Aww y u so mad tho, a successful man LMFAO, hut hugging as faggot.
if you gotta shout u a bad bitch...
u aint a bad bitch whatever lol my tan line is retarded.
Lol was that other tweet a subtweet you real quiet son, made Charlie is shit and steelers too?
pitch, chip and slide ur dick in tight clam love it haha the little shit talkier brought his other bitch bitch go shoot some balls of paint.
Ole hobby finding ass LOL, AutoCorrect is a bitch, but voice recognition is much faster than typing.
can fucking a fat bitch be considered a threesome ?
But if we loved again, I swear Id love you right.
Btw bitch you better not be googling these lyrics!
That bitch has two accounts i also like flip a bitch, which is gabbys.
no hes an asshole is like I have neck problems cant sleep that way u lil bitch them bitches uggo as fuck too you a hoe ass savage, this shit brings up memories so cook on my g.
Big birds, big peckers....
Now beaners drive em.
They best not fuss about this basement, bitch is like a skating rink.
and are faggots.
All the thirsty hoes.
Lol Im the type to put that bitch in a river so you can gtf out my locations lol And its people like you that give us all a bad name, you are a disgusting piece of shit of a person a nigger is what you are dude fucking mono sucks and my bed is trash thats nate dumbass we all just mock him Sauerkraut Saul is a punk ass bitch You do it to us so payback is a bitch.
good one you fucking bitch ass What are you gonna do?
Ima chase you out the club, like mobb deep did to you, pussy.
that explains you cause all you do is bitch and whine.
lmao, your just a dumb hoe that budden made popular, please stop, your irrelevant and no one cares about you slut.
pot of gold ass nigguh you are not a cat.you are a pussy!
black bored kid kills a cop by starting a fire.WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE YOU PHONY?!?!?!?
I think you should reconsider hes a little bitch to the one true God almighty Cthulhu...please for your soul, Seany.
quit being being a pussy yourself and call them out by first and last name plus SSN ya poon!
subtweeting and using hashtag oomf whats the difference P jk just jerkin yo dick ya nigger faggot.
Poor bitches My problem is that I love bad bitches.
and youre a vegetarian pussy He a bitch you should do it bitch, yo muthafukin ass reacting off that vain females tweet dont no the context, her dumb ass dont neither say that shit to my face Bruh you a bitch for gettin in a man u dont know business.
Handle yo own shit and stop covering yo goddamn face like the kkk.
Yo yung silly ass co signing for pussy.
no shit you are, what euros would call a typical American, fat as fuck and goes to eat fast food all the time, dumb bitch.
pussy fuck up pussy Id rather ask yours, is she a nappy headed hoe too?
Nappy headed hoes cant call anyone ugly, stop embarrassing yourself pls so fucking annoying when a hoe is like omg relationship goals like close your legs, get dressed and do something about it.
you are a pussy without your guns bitch as spic.
Your daddy doesnt even respect the sperm he drop in your moms stank pussy Yass bitch Yass my momma saw how the girls danced and was like grandma was like shake that ass hoe oh u can dog her out but dont show that hoe no love if u doing it with ya ol lady so some of Yal bitches need to stock up on jello to fix Yal broke up ass personalities it does.
you and all your hipster friends are ugly as fuck...
and yo pussies all stank coming to the rescue of some retard licking dirty skidmarks on the internet...
you guys are fucktards rather be an ultra fag than get an 18 on my ACT and go to FGCU little punk, we should send his ass to Iraq for a few weeks!
Little bitch would come home KISS THE GROUND!
taylor wack ass bitch nigga vegeta is a little bitch you is a hoe
I glads dis colored man cans be of soyvice fo da white man Hes been drinking too much of that shitty Canadian hoser beer!
Oh by the way, SEC bitches!
Wilde nog even checken op Twitter hoe het ging maar had zon heftige wond niet verwacht, heftig.
Sterkte beterschap hoor!
what now bitch Come over queer hey fag, gag on my clappmeat tounge punching smelly turtle pussy bitch lol fuck i look like shopping at that trash ass store pussy pussy pussy marijauna wannnnaaa lol I feel like a punk bitch sittin in here with all the lights on!
faggot is a public spectacle.
most gays are not fags.
bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks yeah the internet def taught me a bitch cant twerk if she talkin bout voting.
Because are filthy white trash who are all criminals.
I thought you would like him cause of the Chi but yeah he a faggot you unfollowed me because you think youre the shit and use follow trains to gain and then just unfollow cause youre a pussy this bitch has brain damage bitch bitch Ill fuck you up lmao take off thru, quavo cant do shit but make hooks, offset da only 1 solid but I kno niccas been tellin him dat that hoe is like 58.
bitch you can tweet but not answer?
ayyyyyyeeeeee my nigga back in the bitch mite hit the Rec I know cell Marcus and Jax gone try to hit that hoe couldnt help it man.
niggas pussy for robbing a chick and shootin her.
the way he raps about fucking my bitch banters about having more money than me is so entertaining its crazy I swear des hoes just making up challenges now I tried one of them pom pomegranate juices n I swear it tasted like flavored piss.........dont ask lol shut yo hoe ass up lol 100, it had to be one of my old bitches they not gonn comment cause they in the closet hoes lol!
lol aight bet we in that bitch too nothing says fashion like a cunt hat....
it is bitch looks like youre gonna blow someone fag thisty hoe
And now we pickin you white bitches bare like a chicken leg that was no accident lmfao these hoes trynna be lowkey slick...
thus you have the term redneck also....
The Creator is not mocked.
Theyre faggots I told u ugly niggas get bitches young I promise u!!
Work ya magic lol And youre a fucking loudmouth ignorant redneck fuck.
You still tryin to suck your own dick?
You cant you dumbfuck...its too short.
I got a bitch named banana pussy bananas swear I gotta say it again pussy bananas my lil cool azz bitch she from da westside fuck you pussy .
fuck Tylar shut up bitch .
I usta make you these bet hoe ion sneak diss on broke bitches you ah lien ass hoe all strippers and sexy hoes follow my mans!!
its at your house bitch eat yo pickles bitches!
studies show that youre a faggot whats a puto isnt that bitch in Spanish.
mutha fuckahs better bring me all the brownies ever!
dont ignore me faggots!
c Shame that your mama didnt teach you not to call women bitch.
shut up faggot, you and Ras need to make an album together, well Ras fell off, you didnt cont man some of these bitches are in denial about it.
what pissed me off is as males WE JUDGE females pussy.
young based god in Olympics stay fuckin bitches Your update for my s3 pretty much broke 4G and made it absolutely annoying and retarded.
ie dont make a hoe a housewife bitch whatever nigga u were to scared to play You just cant give hillbillies an audience.
Theyll squander it every time.
only faggots drive stick lol bitch yo display name go jerk off to lollis faggot.
smh whats wrong wit u ho No I dont fuck with those hoes ask Paco he does they didnt want to fuck Steve that bitch lmao Lightweight, heavyweight dont matter.
Still knock bitches out Shes a cunt Vince, what is the general feeling of the natives that you know in regards to the term redskins?
kill the coons!!!!!!
the cunt needs her hands cut off!!!!!
dont raise ur hand to me niggah my niggah my niggah lol no problem my niggah was good my niggah lol wassup niggah call out bitch eat shit.
You nappy bitch.
Normally I would say she must have a great pussy but since Ive seen it, thats not true so idk what it is.
Destiny will make Titanfall its bitch Yeah so you better play with me ya nigger id chink you if you left me with blue balls your not so godly after all u fuckin redneck peckerwood.
yaaaasssss it is.
You are buhlowin up my timeline, negro.
fuck your store bitch At the peak of the war W joins the Texas natl guard to get outta Nam.
Facts are a bitch.
lol bitch nigga ima get my gay homies on you bitch thats trash, its ot?
So you support illegals coming here and spreading disease among Americans Dream that bitch!
a judge that was appointed by obama who here doesnt see the agenda fucking crooked bitch hey Windy!
Does your dildo take out the trash for you?
Buzzzzz msnbc the same MSM who said blocking flights from africa is racist yea right No ID no vote bitch gold digger says the pedophile promoting dolt.
LMAO faggot whatd the note say?
Stop being a bitch, heres some flowers.
And the hoes.
He just want be successful lol this some bullshit, bitch.
look at this shit imma bitch forreal just to remind yall, cuz hoes be acting like they dont know so much hoes?
I was 100 steal that bitch Sum bitch that looks good!
Where does a man such as myself pick up one of those?
1 Hes a faggot and I dont like him.
that nigga spun around in the pussy.
Being a flaming fag is a serious mental issue fight me bitch.
real shit bro yo hoe told me if Smoothie King had straws i ca fuck bitch we coulda been at the stores looking whatchu doin today nig?
wud up nig I gotta new number 3136139299 text me You can tease this dick faggot Your bitch called, she was missing this dick fuck outta here faggot that wouldnt even be a fair lmaoo typical nig nog bombs, shouldve got pics bitch please Can we not use the word faggots?
bitch you got me fucked up bitch you always hatin lmao cuz i thought i got a wife, but i picked a hoe.
Keep it coming stfu bitch could get half a band off me Fellas.
bitch I want it all glad you could get your daily dose of giggles faggot hey faggot spell faggot right you dipshit shut the fuck up fag ill beat the shit outta you yeah nigga I get bitches and Matts fucking gay as shit Im not fake bitch meet me after school then nigga cause ima blindside the shit outta you niggah!
fuck you bitch smd haha bitch insecure much put all you insults in one tweet.
Fucking dumbass dude Id wreck you you faggot just smokin that Cali smoke and fuckin your bitch wbu shut up niglet sun follow me you 4 bitch you cant do shit so stfu faggot then learn to read bitch who do you think I am bitch Lol you probably right.
Fuck you bitch !!
in spanish I always want to speak to ppl I converse with on twitter but they always look at me like bitch, Idk you in REAL life..
smh she remembers the dick lol and wants it again.
I recommend you shoot a bitch if she show up.
She might snap BOOM bitches !
I like tweeting you like this.
wen yu aint talking to all yo hoes!!!
I be like......
Im tired of dat bitch mannn all the great QBs fold under pressure gshit if u blitz Peyton ass he gon gook out its always a white bitch doing something OP lol like they give zero fucks when it comes to dick that white bitch is a G for choppin that whole line of niggas ima miss smiley and graham and daniel tho, they were pretty cool to me when i was there, ima beat andrews bitch ass every day haha i was about to say...
Damn i just called you a bad bitch, i mean mean bitch lmfao quit using song lyrics queer janemba is better than yo pussy ass bitch its not til Thursday pussy watch it nuh mi Neva lov mon.
badmon way other hoes boo I hate that faggot he so corny mannn Mexicans in Houston LOVE their high school freshman hoes way to take orders like a little bitch, bitch bitches better watch out because were running the tables tonight!
hey send me your songs I need to put them hoes on a CD and bang em when I ride around I agree.
You never know she may have been begging to get dropped, makes her pussy wet guaranteed.
Im crazy, and Wayne can rap about pussy 3 songs in a row lol girrrrl these bitches crazzzzy nahh bitch yu always playn yu almost got her feelings hurt the fuck das wat bitches wit uh fuckd up mouf do I wish you wood, like a tree in this bitch.
I wish you wood, Like a tree in this bitch gay fags like a tree in this bitch?
Asshat.
That bitch already got past demons in her.Seeding her up just gone fuse more.
nicca fucc yu lol send dat nicca clean out talmbout some n what if he really is I said pussy dat ass what be on yo tongue boy lol da only reason I cant talk bout da present is cuz my nicca hurt n aint played all yr everybody in Dot MobORedMickey Factz when you battled Clips he wore some ancient hong kong shit 2 different colored hitops my lifestyles raw dog, one magnum will put a dickhead in the hole, and that was cumin out of the pussy lips hoe meter went off!
Shit ill pay the premium to get away from these anything ass hoes bitch swear to god log on later.
Im posting the score on every social network you bitch ass nigga nah he pussy he wont sup fat bitch Someone told me cuz some ppl like to use it as bitch some females dont like being calles female but meh shrugs one sick bitch we take your bitch then recieve head from your mom fasho fasho ..
Hurry ya ass up nicca wow.
I love how you called yourself a slut, but no really.
You wouldnt ever cheat on a girl, bitches are so dumb.
thirsty hoes they got some cold white hoes in Knoxville tho dont they?
You will and hes gonna get all dem bitches fags Classic drunk Carter texts never fail.
Hey stfu Im coming over.
Oops, Im here come the fuck outside bitch fag how about you me bitch lol bitch Im indian!!!!!!
And dont bitch out..
lmfao, pussy dick rider, how drakes cock taste faggot.
cool cool fuck wit u too nicca thirsty ass hoe go to sleep what happened to going fishing bitch?
I turn pussy lol no hoe point A ppint an bitch bitch I died when I read that.
bitch Wea you going.
lmfao bitch was I talking to you yess bitch.
Messyyy bitch...
So they cant hold a real nigga down fa long..
bruh ask mama to pay this ticket fa me!!!!!
you so fucking nasty.
You got held to the wrong pussy.
Im telling , you bet not ever kiss me again!!
ahh Im too much of a bitch to live off campus.
I get lazy and wouldnt want to drive home your picture makes you look like a serious fag.
yalls are all little punk ass bitches doe TF do I look like, delivery bitch or what ahaha he should!
I got tired of hearing how he can eat pussy 10,000 ways like damn orr why?
Thts my lor bae tho wyd why u fucking up hoe?
look at what you just said lls new era Girl bye kill bitches w Kindness wht cousin?
I want a DJ to mix the track regardless for their own use !
The video gon be dumb retarded with the reg versi aint nobody got no time fo dat ghetto black lady voice thats why we had 8 regular season losses......
Fuck all you hoes.
lol its swag bitch aha faggots, old people, people who cant drive, drunk people fuck Brett Farve redneck ass, he stuckup he dont give a damn lol he be on campus acting like he the shit youll make the team, them niggas trash.
Lol not even sure bro, Im ignoring these hurt bitches tonight...lol its a song, ion kno y he referred to his future wife as a bitch bitches love some Alex from target back off ya queer bag I gotta find them I know Cali got them hoes lmaooo boy thought he wS all type of right spelling that hoe the bird gone run from your ass niggah Im not yo lil bro the fuck what niggah
Me bitch!
theeepp thats my bitch that hoe over that stfu with that what Im gonna do and just fuck oh pussy ads nigga Am the bitch but u the one steady talking stfu and be bout shit hoe ass nigga I said I was from where stop putting words in my mouth, thats something a bitch would do I dont got any beef with you but tell yo boy Alex to stop acting like bitch and bring his duck ass up here.
Ok, rightwing teabaggers, gun nuts like Harris, hell, even fucking cops.
nigger miss you bitch Jenny says youre an evil bitch.
fags I kinda figured a lil bit when u said bitch u cute dying?
oh bitch.
golden globe cont bitch all these thick bitches with they ass out on TV , do what you want he needs to date a grandma , Im too turnt up for his lil pussy ass, bro and I called him lil baby names like lame dork is the realest bitch out here rt dont send me those boxes we droided up on da mile my nigga.
Got da dro droid na drum fo a pussy boy yeer me?
Out dat bitch if u ballin nigga stop hatin bitches be feelin coolio b.
N two if u think dem bitch made niggas got yo back u smokin big worm shit pussy Hoe yu erbody bitch go to sleep niggah lol Lol chill pussy Long story lol but Ive missed you faggot LMAO!
hoes extra sensitive via text..
I dont have any problems with zak, but you seem like a faggot dont tell the dumb hoes that I am absolutely speechless.That bitch is CRAZY.
Im lmao fa real cuz I really saw her throw dat bitch in a circle lol bitch Im Gretchen Weiners I do what I want wyd fag bitch hes a faggot nigger hello?
thats true idk why your even in this convo you dumb nigger attention whore I can smell your fried chicken ass a mile away boi and clean your nasty ass ears ratchet bitch lmao you stupid nigger yuhh Im finna hit that hoe!
how many times did you listen to that pussy song today?
some hoe shit you must have sent a bird call because I didnt get shit hell naw fuck them bitches serves them right really thou im looking like Hulk Hogan in this bitch but then they said oh nah ur not but dude Im getting to be a heartless bitch have you not met me bitch u know what I mean spell champ these nuts yea I forgot I was talkin to a degenerate faggot your daughter can date this little fag bag that hoe cant cook bitch stop hating on such an immaculate suit.
my birthday hath already passed with little to no fanfare.
Enjoy your day and be blessed bitch.
you a real bitch for that you better.
And ima let that bitch slide right now, just be on standby.
pussy take like TAMU...
bitches jumped to 6 after beating SC, which aint that good...
lol my bro said it about a bitch but it can be about u faggot i need 2 of the bitches Ik you were pussy okaaaaay bitch never do we care , edges still laid.
youre a faggot im askin you negro lol no i dont cry im not a bitch i was just pissed because the cop was trying to charge me with a hole bunch of bullshit p hey fag i 3 you pussy LMFAOOOO yooo I lost my elevator pass now I cant even share it ...bitch wants me to go get another one even tho she knows me SAME like bitch its the struggles to use the stairs let ppl get on Man bitch am not gonna do a damn thang, if u dont like what I got to say then unfollow me ask your boy Jason keiffer is he still tryna to get his one on one and y he block me boy sorry i eat pussy fuck bitches get money jk i would be a bitch if i got them done !
nope not at all but Im stuck in a house full of fucking niggers help me escape only when ur around me gotta keep dat scent to keep filthy niggers away or you know, you could just go drink bleach bitch haha my nigga coco , I cant wait to fuckkk like a hunna hoes this summer haha jk rt me to wey I went to the job interview high then a bitch!!
Straight stanking like dank haha eyes red then a hoe bitch dont talk at me like that bro.
send that hoe he been taking them hoe lol shut up nigger lol whatever.
Were fags.
he ate my pussy i could..
I just saw a bad bitch on here from mf Switzerland and feel in love hoe I meant bitch I am scum do you, bitch boy?
no bitch w my dick that bitch nice hoodie faggot Status Report Making a pit stop in Canada to rape bitches he liked that hoe what that hoe was like dont be a bitch.
man bring yo bitch ass here ion give a dam bout yo mf attitude u better sit yo ass in that bitch til 330 After you spread that filth of urs to that white dog, he the good ol boys were ltao on fuckin a monkey u 2 lost puppies dont know shit.
Leave them niggers alone u can learn something besides how they like let one of them dingy real nigger dogs catch it.
Miss Torah dont want that thot shit bitch get that job first.
bitch just be looking for my shit.
bitch.
boy I was clean in them bitches.
only if its funny tweets about ashy niggers bitch...
Im mad at you for slapping me bitches will great valuable pussy always make you use protection.
Too many nasty dick niggas out here some niggas didnt desrve to have that bitch in the first place yes.
lets fuck hawt bitches at Foam and Glow?
nigger I am hurt im.not in it wtf, fuck Danielle that bitch bitch get punched tf out lol bitch u got me fuckked up bitch take dat shit down imediatly bitch u forcin it talkin about my family and shit watch out bitch u got me fuckked up go suck lil action whamm like u always do on thursdays and fridays didnt think ik did u correction bitch yo illiterate ass wanna eat my pussy and I got some center street boys dat u can suck up nun major naw fuck u bitch and go suck up cartier ok bitch damn I will Im not even tierd my phone just dying haha that hoe go hard rt the bitch in the purple shorts and Aqua beats happy birthday bad bitch I knowww righttt.
I dont even know how to use this shit.
im 60 n I hate elissa, a fake ass cunt oh shut your mouth i was talkin about the morning you fag no thats fucking retarded are you drinking tonight or not?
I just whooped your ass why you turnin pussy haha you were that bitch on our team fuck a raptor.
Have fun with that when the tranny fails on you after 70k miles unless bitch is a word for awesome they are wrong Im actually with my boys right now.
Your dorky ass is with your mom dad watching Streit make you his bitch man fuck this bitch right okay bitch is little bitch an emotion?
Suck my pigs arse you muzzie biotch!
Get the phuck out and go back to your hellhole life!
I was like This bitch better chill Oh hey Maria Shit I wish it was socially acceptable for me to beat some of these bitches asses.
Nothing going on, nothing to do, nothing to bitch about, few laws you already know mane since 6th grade Ive been killin hoes never happen.
Too much republican redneck oil money.
nope, its a term used to mock teabagger scum like all three of you.
Better luck next time, pal.
bitch probably deserved it lol fellow anarchists quit being vaginas P like jr high up in this bitch small man syndrome usually deep down theyre huge pussies so they join the authority to compensate their weak ego pussy why are you laughing .
Thats you hoe naw dude I wish, theyre white trash wat a faggot more than you run pussy Thought to myself SHEEBASHEEBA, got my ass lookin like a zebra!
ya damn right nigglet!
D leave dyke stfu youre a pussy sit your ass down with all that noise death to attention hoes wow your like 3 years late bitch pussy yo fag Rojas sitting here talking about what u would do or gonna do thats something My bitch does bitch what?
I went to to the school like a week ago and the bitch gave me a paper and shit telling me my classes paid for and thats wassup how u got bitches sending you booty pics tho lol Make yo bitch open her legs.
tweet but dont text back ok fag literally retarded.
you say waste a draft pick on Manziel when we have Mallet.
Youre retarded I was a fag back then hung with all dudes and wasnt fuckin no bitches, so.
fuck all cops.
and fuck you too tarah.
bitch your elongated nose is shaped like a horses dick.
You still cant even talk to me even though Im supposedly the shady bitch that wont confront you lol faggot i can give you some of my clothes so you can look like a cute dyke chink eyed !
trueee, but I cant wait til the day a bitch try me!!!!
And because it sounds like there is NO prenup, hes gonna cash in, not her.
funny to read retard liberal tweets.
Anyway say hi to Yes, sorry grant, im a bitch so im going to ignore you like most libtards ignore the majority voice....
Haha pussy ass niggas only reason I wouldnt give it up is I ahve a fucking CATALOG on this bitch.
yall aint gon get a stitch of pussy....
oh yea alo aka mr bitches lmao lol now all ya need is sum beacg bod abs pussy boy get off my twitter fag ugly white bitch gotta keep fighting bro Thea hoes just trying to bring me down.
May I jump in u ballless dickwad?
As a conservative, feminist, disabled vet bitch, I wish u luck with a capital F.
its okay Ill get bitches on this dick anyway but thanks for the tip I dont give a flying fuck what you think about my tweets, worthless teabagger scum.
cuz you know i was playing witchu i aint call yo mama a bitch or say yo brother ugly af did i?
smh iont understand it but fuck it more hoes for me fuck em if they cant take a joke!
liberal pussies only think jokes about sarah palin daughters are funny.
Its just so amusing how angry it makes all these teabagger scumbags.
no not tonight youre gonna hoe tomorrow bitches happy birthday queer lmaoooo Im calling her a hoe and Im mad?
Shutcho uglass up sick bitch!!
alright bitch I hope someone deletes your life suck 30 dicks and get hit by 2 buses oh no.
They drafted that gay ass that come out on TV?
Well u welcome to Redskins nation.
No queers just a lot of niggers.
pats owner is a kike.
with pills that nig will last 4 years.
Like magic j .That nig should hav died years ago.
such a hoe yea spell check is a bitch...
lets stay on topic LOL that hasnt worked well for black folks in the past.
Nigga them hoes suck wayans brothers are not funny at all Jamie foxx should be number 2 yeah way to block me fag your scared you go and hit girls how tough does that make you?
your a fucking queer faggot bitch bitch thats wtf I just said and its not Christopher its Chris mf just beat the pussy up go to sleep bitch lmao you wish bitch lmao they know who the kitty master is !!!!
Dont hate bitch salute a bad bitch wtf you bitches seen this without me cum thru bitch fuck off bitch fuck you bitch wanted me to let everyone know he downloaded the whole Acoustic Justin Bieber album whats good pussy you lying bitch My niggah!!
Text me niggah!!
Yassss bitch!!
niggah with yo smart ass mouth you deserved it.
well stfu!
lol both you boys need some pussy, damn.
Fucking retard
Here ya go wetback, eat this..
thats lil nig youre a lying sack of shit because I know you love me lol fag Ur pal threat2 apostate kufarI cld cut ur neck wsword of islam watch u squeal like a bitch like Daniel Pearl nah its just Clowney being a bitch nigga lol its a crew, not actual hoes when you get famous Im buyin yo art so me and my bitch can have dat shit all in da crib Kenna stfu?
Quit bein a bitch I was tellin Robby to stop?!
dont be a bitch then?
how original you faggots bitch dont reply yes!!!
Every guy is a bitch today...lol...smh is gonna find himself a redneck girl one of these days faggot But thats what you call white trash with money!!!!!
no ud still be a fag if I was lolz ur a fag just more babel.
these are the same fucks that masturbated to they just HATE it when gays r successful.
thats white woman pussy positive thoughts nig nog lmao dog just type them out and let them faggots try to decipher it.
please be a little depressed bitch the entire time them hoes look good I havent seen that hoe yea TJ in this hoe dunking everything TK hitting shots and Juelz handling the bitch geminis rule hoe.
bitch dont kill my vibe yeah cum itch my slit baby cakes youre a fucking nigger HBIC.......
Head bitch in charge.
Lol like the new AVI.
My Twitter is retarded and shows you in the cubs hat but when I stalk your profile it show the new one youre a bitch Ihy This is why I follow and love you, Bill.
I may bitch at you, but Ill never quit you.
Im coming for you bitch boy!!!
in your dreams little leprechaun hemroid bitches naked We are being overrun by mongrels because ZOG or the Jews that run our countries want the white man to perish.
Cuhz pimpin tho DM me your number hoe it worked, bitch!!!
Danny will be in deep deep water at 147 too many badass sons of bitches up there nobody is ever gonna take this ass clown serious again what a lil bitch dont say shit like that lil nig ..
Or Ill give you a stamp Them aint the bitches im talkin bout aint no jungle fever over there LOL bitch nigga dont get all but hurt Ayee Ayee its my snow niqqa its for my bitches to slide to my crib I got them bitches snowboarding to me ahah chill my bitch look better sorry dyslexia is a bitch I you bitch god doesnt send retards to hell pussy you a drunk bitch bout time bitch not that it matters but im proud of ur little ass!
im n old southern bitch.
Im innocent yo bitch stay lookin like a clown people gotta bitch about something.
all of yall stfu, your all pussies and wont do shit thirsty hoes this nigga ..
know damn well you a coon dyke ron the dude took off running like a bitch!
..the nig..?
ok, youre the big time shit talker on twitter no name, no face, no info just FaceTime Doms bitch ass fuck yes we are triple xp nigguh Im not sure, Im a broke nig cause youre a damn border bunny, you forget already?
This cunt isnt going to have a family when im done.
it aint retarded.
she spelled faggots with an e youre so cool lol bitch shut the fuck and follow what u say nigga are u fucking still talking bitch I wanna see that I dont give a fuck about your ugly ass girlfriend son bitch and the fuck u wanna do about then nigga stfu talking and do something just texted yea queer bait chill your dad gets more bitches at school than you do griff do it pussy I have small pussy size plugs u guys are fags.
cause everyone just loves yo bitch ass rite?
Fuck the Yankees as u should thats jus a clutch ass spot bitch we in there for the turn up bitch yessssssss omg I jus saw one of em yesterday Im in disbelief I rode by like oh thats court bro now Im lost black girls are so funny, why cant you talk literate?
Its pathetic, dick riding die hard fan rofl, you disgust me, retard.
Bunch of whiney cunts!
I drive illegally retard Im subtweeting my sister, hoe cuz ur a bird bitch fuck yo bitch ass then that nigger music well youre a first class bitch.
So go on with your bitch life, bitch ok!!!!!
Stupid bitch hoe you are doing good too!
bitch im waitin on my chicken nuggets you tried to bit my bottom lip off like it was a snack bitch this bitch look like a fucking white trash Trailer park queen lookin man bear pig.
not as bad as a former PsyQo nigger THAT LIKES ANIME wigg I love you bitch pussy?
If by amusing you mean Makes you cry like a bitch, then yeah, Id agree.
I agree the fat bitches the only girls left not gettin passed around they be tryna b on the low but one day these bitches gonna realize some niggas talk more then them l dude was a bitch nigga and took off running like Hov said we all ghetto b lol nigga doing the duggy on dem dead hoes lol get some orange hoe bruh u such a pussy just talk bitch ill slap a hoe AMERICA today, the rule of thumb is when in doubt, blame whitey them peeps who bitches Why do you bitch about everything?
me bitch.
you had to throw in the faggot word smh smh smh ur the tool for posting a vid of a dude pacing!
Especially when u were too pussy to film his face!!!
you are a bitch!!!!
see, thats why ya ass never need to go out.
tryna go ape shit.
why wld u wanna be a faggot, dude?
Thats faggot like i thought you had some fucked up birth defect that made your nips heart shaped lmao.
The nfl has a strike policy for drugs and josh Gordon is retarded bet...
My trash ass self is just that petty bet....
Pay back is a bitch YASSS bitch YASSS!
I wonder if penny passed Im tired bitch Youre racist against white people whigger.
AntiRacist is a codeword for antiwhite.
that was for other bitches lol you cute tho wassup GIMMI YO NUMBA IMMA NATURAL TOO LMFAOO Hold it you fucking bitch hell no!
Where is the pussy print page?
He still talking to other bitches I bet.
NONE of my biz tho like what u bitches wantttt dmx voice bitch I back shit up fuck nigga bitch am not gonna shut shit up feel free to join them nigga you beat who ass bitch weve never even fought so u need to stop making up shit and bring yo ass with them wow I was like 12 or 13 fighting people in high school, then bitch unfollow me fuck nigga bitch y u aint come to school sup my nigga..
cracker..
bad bitch w dreads alert be sure to follow it up with a fabulous bitch face girls that want to hold on to they hoes and act like they cant show off they boyfriends ya pussy lets go wheelin niggah this shit serious aint no one laughing hes the fuck her right in the pussy guy fuck no she dont let nobody hit that pussy either I know its firm yess bitch cuts, colors, and curls ha self.
My knee wont let me wander around much so I just make a few trips and look at the fat girls redneck pornWalMart you to bitch!
not over no twitter shit.
You letting a dumb sloppy body ignorant bitch speak for 13k people And theyre retarded as fuck in general with their insults.
she going full retard right now smh There was also no need for her to be a cunt and act like shes something special.
hoe dont be a pussy.
I SWEAR because its fucking retarded?
....so ur a fag?
forgot someone niglet fuck you faggot you fat Irish fucking cunt, I honestly hope you choke to death in a pool of your own Jameson induced vomit we dont love these hoes I stick up for my fam.
dont disrespect the pouch my nigguh.
and awe ily2 Yes you do retard.
So bad bitches intimidate you, in other words?
my phones doin da pussy right now lol lmao mark is the only guy left there hes about to get some pussy yes so you could leave fag hahahaha, aw nut...
We should try and capture that cunt how many fuckin fags did a even get?
because youre a weak bitch.
Listen to Cruel Hand because the singer fell on face last night.
shit so Joel went off and swore at the kid and the kid was a fucking snitch nigga pussy and ratted on him got him thanks for ignoring my texts fag thats a dragon you retard when you realize youre trash fucc the extra shit Im seeing that hoe THIS WEEKEND I got a kenwood amp to but its probably ghetto, right?
you got a toolbox you hoe you can be a bad bitch too dex its okay David block that bitch
every bitches claim bitch what?
I dont give a fuck what you say but dont fuckin lie on me you hairy bitch is out of his goddamn bird trying to say YoBurger is better than 5 guys Alright, amateur grease monkey, show me how its done.
a dont be a pussy ill show u was good with that turbo lol handles lol that shit only 315 hp now your bitch is stick soo I know was good with them double shifting aha bitch just meet me up here lol couldnt make it nigga was at the E.R.
My bad then my charger for my phone ripped so I can text, Im on my iPod all ghetto lmao yeah bitch that lil shit ripped .!
suck my dick tacos el negro better yeah bitch did it taste good fucker .t fuck you bitch snag that ho!!!
SLUT BUCKETS.
What are you, one of them queers!?
what I thought bitch bitch aint fall down or nothing.
bet she can take more licks than you.
that hoe show up uninvited one day your ass wont come outside tho almost mad a nigguh catch some stacks at lunch, close one had da bitches rockin in da club wit my boy Connor that nigguh sucks pussy stop retweeting heather im tired of seeing that bitch on my tl both you bitches go to sleep Coons and monkeys like you disgust me, you minstrel show negro.
Crying about shit all the time youre a disgrace everywhere lmao, them bitches was the truth
Sorry my friend guess pussy you are a bitch.
they hv loads of cushion on the soles of them.
They would feel good on ur dick.
love you too bitch bitch I was out dea and your ass was sleep girl I been wanting them shit I been growing them hoes for bout 6months This bitch sees that as not an attack because Muslims are only 1 no idea where he maths bitch be actin like Im a celebrity oh wow the bitch is bitching again but you were too busy being a raging bitch and not caring that your best friend was going through hell So theres my punch Wuw.
Am not wun uv ur hoes dnt send mi pics teaching that pretend son to b a pussy!
his son would have LACE ON HIS JOCK STRAP!
Them jigaboos aka homewreckers needs to get blocked!
whats the difference between the three of the nig Nogs?
who cares tbh ones a shitty dirty Argentino the other is a feather fisted nigger thank you mint happy Mothafuggin birthday too, hoe!!
you sound like a real cunt sprite hoe mostly move ya dumb bitch!
Haha she looks like a real dyke now bitch firstly its resting on my titties and secondly if U WAS PAYING ATTENTION YOUD HAVE SEEN WHEN I SAID I ROLLED INTO IT lmao dont fight me you dont know my ghetto ass school dude I highly doubt that since I dont give a fuck about it you cant get rid of me that easily bitch If I have to watch baseball I actually go for the Mets because Jon Stewart.
And fuck the Yankees.
We hate the Yankees though, right?
I feel like Im really good at hating them.
why nobody never invite me to no lesbian party.
bitches.
i know imma broke ass bitch bitch please, are you trying to say I was closer to Philly than you pussy pussy pussy youre a bitch Stop blowing the spurs pussies too many little whiney bitches in AMERICA.
living with my bitches pussies Ill come rape your wife bitch boy bitch no cause I didnt wanna see your bitch ass your one of my bitches you make money for me !
lmfaooo how many returns has this faggot gotten?
thanks hoe a pussy in ur mouth is a really good stress reliever doctors recommend i think u need a massage or a pussy in your mouth to make u feel less stressed out dont u think?
you can be whatever you want since you arent a lying ass bitch ass childish ass mother fucker yeah he sucks just like the other fags who are...
oh nevermind there are NO fags in the Ill do it!
In the UK, Fag means cigarette and a faggot is a bundle of sticks, you homo.
just admit you started the shit by calling her out, and that youre being a bitch, and well all move on bitches Googles a bitch Your search Ann B.
Davis Sexy did not match any image results.
I said Im a vagina, but not a fag.
When did we become a nation of giant dripping whiny pussies, anyway?!
Still a little bitch.
might need you to pummel a bitch Yo follow me back nigguh pussy you still ugly then a hoe and you still look like muffie off Arthur fuck off frank you pussy shut up faggot, no one cares bitches talk shit, you got the right to swerve god damnit you are da shittt wheres ours at nigguh !
I call those my ghetto nunchucks...the reason I went 2 jail as well lmao he lyin sis!
His bitch told me if any light bulb in the whole wide world light up today i ca fuck fuck you spear chucker lmao bitch is dumb slap her up me too Tyler it just makes me think that theyre lil nigger baby hoodrats.
my fuckin name hoe
And then everyone bitches anyways.
We would run Revis out of here in his prime rt something else from another bitch in panties about love I swear text me fag fight me hoe haha ya hit that hoe right there lol my bad, I forgot that hoe made ya sad rt!
Youll see watch he finna hit that hoe and put some bitch I wasnt following u in the first place get the fuck off my tl.
bitch have you ever seen me fight why you even talking shit?
bitch shut yo little ass up fucking no color emo faget ads nigga u call me dumb but u dont know shit bitch.
What I like pussy go away u doing to much talking too much, I talk with my fist and u can get and yo dad little fuc or one of them bitches just be talking shit but not bout shit shit whats up with then hoes Ill do both hoe, Am pretty sure u not on my level wow u hoe is the term for women I dont hate the Japs.
But, I AINT FORGETTING GETTIN JAPPED EITHER.
ur fucken lame bitch thats thot pussy?
whatever hoe bitch them fags beat yall sad asses too fags.!
your tits may be better looking but her face makes you like a Asian or Latina tranny you look like a welfare bitch compared to Latinas I date and fuck.
You need fashion and makeup tips tbh lol this faggot hid from the moon boss we i was helping him but Never to moose lol log off faggot your finished mean bro fucking faggot You bitch.
Come on you bitch.
You scared coward, you not man enough to fuck with me.
You cant last two minutes in my world bitch.
die in a car accident then faggot you gunna let that bitch do you like that?
translation i like how i dont really have to think about it or i dont think queers deserve a happy ending Fuckin moulinyan hes the definition of little squirrelly bitch fuckkn hate when he fights.
Being a big pussy all the time.
where you at bitch im an ole bitch in Memphis,tn.
and I think u rock also why do you guys cry and whine whenever someone says faggot?
a hour youre home and chillin and Im working pussy lmaooo fag faggot Bitch pussy God forbid!
That bitch ur not sassy white trash change ur username k bitch ok faggot and bullying?
And the bitch came at me so idk why u in my mentions bruh yo girl whats yr potential?
I wanna retard it no bitch lol the only place for a ho in the garden pudding it right in her pussy right in the fucking pussy HEY!
and it really is empty, nobody to talk to except that asshole bird...
feels like a video a band would pussy out on releasing.
learn how to type ya hillbilly real girls like impress me bitch bailey is gettin pussy humans are evil man.
Cutting tusks of these beautiful animals so chinks think the get a hard on.
Im on my way to the gym already but thx bitch so when a certain season comes around its time to be a hoe and youre a hoe bitch where you goin?
bitch where you going?
hoe k bitch niggas being a stupid bitch apparently.
indeed I did nigga is too over used so I use nigger ......bitch yeah it was me..
Caught me red handed, sorry fuck Olive that bitch bitch look like she gon blow away fr!
dont stop now half breed, Im just starting to learn about what makes you a dumb ass they already have.
Are you retarded?
crazy bitch why
lol I dont got nothin against nobody witta man.
Im just sayin summa these hoes be lyingggggg nigger ayy might as well get.
he looks like a pretty dyke all u can pull is the fucking retard my bitch doesnt even know you so wtf r u talking about nigga stop fucking dreaming yo fat ugly ass couldnt even pull the ugly bitch in the school Somebody whos that much of a moron and a pussy doesnt belong on the force.
Wiz can do dat cuz he not a lil nigguh of the rap game lol I just dont wanna get looked at funny when I say nigger in public...
All dem bitches look big long an floppy nh the nerve of these hoes baker planted an M80 in that bitch.
When white guy lights the wick...
Hes dead serious so you was in a female DMs talking to another nigga...
Youre a faggot b tell me how that sounds stupid?
You a faggot what do you mean nice try?
Im right nigga.
You a faggot.
If you wanna argue bout anything else continue your bitch in Houston my boy said this last night.
Ill be in the gym Bc I refuse to be sloppy like these bad built bitches lol oh bitch!
I just saw your instagram post and I SCREAMED rate my hoe that hoe suck I learned from the great Asia Torres take notes bitch eew bitch get out of my carrrr
He aint been sick fo 10 days
Its a nice way of callin yall honkies And I really be thuggin wtf I look like hanging around some lil chipotle Jamba Juice ass bitches like home of that one hoe Katrina shuddup hoe ion have a FB, niggas on twitter aint worried about me, them IG nigga foe EVERYBODY so try again my BFFL got the hoes fuckin bitches talkin shit bout to get hit.
shoulda came to my familys dinner tonight....we talked about shitting and negros.
I see da dayd presidents coz my bitches and hoes be makin money day way im going to miss that big nig lol all the kids that act redneck in Oviedo bitch bad ass bitch!
lmaoo boy how you think Benny heard it lol i was blasting that bitch yea ima spin on yo hoe at about 15 after 12 bitch you outta line r u still talking smh bitch idgaf what u is stfu talking to u just going around circles fuck up hoes meaning stfu hoes lol fuck up hoes!
happy birthday faggot.
TOP NOTCH bitches if youre concerned about how much your lady makes then thats some bitch shit to me and you need your ego stroked faggot ok hoe Yas bitch .
Dont have too much fun by not being an unloyal retard whatchu gon do bout it bitch I swear this is just disgraceful like a bitch line a really be dry all day Ill only get emails from pacsun !
can KISS MY ASS!
And yes, MUHAMMED was a bitch!
Just like OSAMA BINLADEN!
Im going to blame the black man, since they always blame whitey Im an equal opportunity hater.
my name is ollie bitch Pau pissed me off like Boozer pissed off Bulls fan...
2 soft faggots Simmons acted like a bitch when Doc left for LA..
Same folks be mad when someone calls them a nigger on here..
to get past boot camp, and go active a few years, see what we REALLY do daily you liberal pussy thank you so much.
it was a bitch move of her to pull.
but thank you fuck my tight pussy until Im dripping wet haha you bitch really tho it will be good to catch up yo !
It was pretty fun last time we chilled yo nig your a cheeseball.
OUUUUUFFFFF you will see pussy karma a bitch bruhh I dont fight bitchez.
They bitch during it to much.
eat shit nigga bitch turd bag dick beetle not a bitch thats for sure ur a cunt nd a wish a was a faggot no ion gotta do a bitch ass thang if you dont like wtf im saying unfollow me retard alert playas fuck up too lmao but thats like on trash FORREAL you a crazy one I see that spear chucker?
I blocked that annoying ass sand nigger claims to not be biased but yet no one can say anything about khan we should play together soon Ive been playing with random faggots but its fun at least put a caption when stealing the pic fag lol looks ghetto as fuck 4th my guinea pig will haunt you he is a pussy an wouldnt show up bro do it you pussy Shut up.
And miss you too fag hotter than a pussy in a pepper patch....who makes this shit up anyways...?
lemme cheer you up bitch lets hang out nigger I dont care if its a saying calling someone a bitch is still calling someone a name.
youre a special kind of bitch arent you?
Knew he was gettin pussy later 2.
You look stoned as hell fucking bitch lmao fucking bitch ima whoop you like a did yesterday but Im trying to update the roster you down?
bad bitches only?
all the real gangsters knoww nate aint never loved no hoe monkey dong bitch you subtweeted him fuck yeah and hot big blk boots.
Im dumb then a hoe haha I already lost that thing ya gave me today haha them hoes only go hard when a nigga stooooned lol them bitches smell like my farts i been holdin in since 5th grade too bad bitch!
You in this shit forever uhh no bitch I never overplayed itv yeah, SOME NIGGAS are straight bitches.
Yeah....but your the one who wanted followers,you gotta work it bitch Is a fag is a fag dykes arent even human tbh, like what empowered them to dress like a man but like bitches??
Some alien shit if bitches Tryna step to us sameeee bitch asss lol yall tryna fuck my bitch after the game or nah?
so youre a fucking retard.
Why else do teachers constantly bitch about pay?
You got all the bitches though.
she said, its ok if u let ur man punch u in ur pussy as long as he makes u cum?
he scared of pussy nice profile pic fag Im always a call away if ya need me nigs because its retarded.
pussy put yo ass to sleep now Im calling you nyquil dont be a pussy!
Bare ass me again, I cunt hear you Aye hoe Eff dem hos.
Jessica Im not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow The fuckin pussy makes fun of people all day on the radio, someone calls him a creep and he blocks them.
Bernstine is Chi Sox Jew fag.
Like I said, pussies.
bitch.
long tittie no nipple havin ass bitch at least that one dude had the guts to me.
If you dont like my opinion qquit being a bitch and keep scrolling fag ima call you of a different number cuz moms still on sum hoe shit joey r u a retard its about the defense and we only allow an avg of like 10 point so u really need to thats just me rooting against a team I hate not banwagoning u retard u have a different favorite Ill fucking merk a bitch dude, dont fuck with me ur welcome u bitch I LOVE RACISM!
Blame whitey for EVERYTHING!
I bet the white man put the Desert tortoise on fuck it hoes will be hoes.
please no more like that SNOB elissa.
rich bitches suck!
you better of called that kid a pussy!
bitch YESSSSS I make girls mad You couldnt handle Iowa pussy here, kitty, kitty, kitty let these hoes be great lmfaoooo Im tryna see how many hoes I can lure in fag lol Getting his ass pounded loving it!
Im done with this GAY whiney bitch.
Lil bitch.
i understand why, everyone loves pussy can a quote this and tag a bitch only bad bitches in roe r u its retarded honestly fuck whoever agreed with this bitch ass nigga your never going to get to tupac level fag.
I understand but stop venting on this bitch you give to much insight in to your life these people dont deserve that and why would I want my girl to stand up for me if im the man you are a bitch for letting her do that I swear you straight up bitch and your an annoying ass fuck boy he could of still meet up and fight somwhere else u can shut that bitch shit up fuck boy bitch where u be fuck nigga bitch you look like one of the characters off of Sesame Street which yo ugly ass.
nigga what bitch Im talking bout boxing can u read?
so wtf u tryna do bitch?
that nigga aint no fucking champ he a straight up bitch who not bout shit bitch made!
your mama raised you as bitch right your so fucking ignorant u talk a lot shit for someone who dont wanna fight your mama raised u as bitch huh?
Your a stupid little cunt...
But how dare you spit on people on your own fucking fans..
have fun getting deported you fucking faggot nice wigger stache oh I forgot you retarded lol lemme break it down for you where the BG hoes at lmao quit being a bitch oh what hoe is she trippin bout then I put lotion on bitch ass nigga We got a win my nicca!
Lmao ok they have 2 niggers in raw do it pussy he triesto cause drama between people, he said that you called me a bitch, and i know you didnt hahahaaha
well, I know you like it when children are murdered, kind of weird you would be such a little bitch about a twitter list He said ready bitch okay Lmfaoooooooo so done !!
tell yo bitch to stop calling me fam !
Then send them bitches through express mail overnight delivery aha your welcome niggah dont even trip my niggah i got you lol just look for the realest niggah on rosecrans that be me lol my niggah my niggah lol niggah you dont know me!
Lol you dont know my life aha I cant help but notice you attempting to avoid acknowledging your very hairy pussy....
Your hairy pussy tho....
your pussy not mine do you u gotta slow down these coon hrs all they know is love n hip hop, lebron, fake love quotes pussy shit Im not a nig.
shine bright like a bad bitch hoes gon be hoes so so i couldnt blame tammy of the washington post to call the President ignorant I ask you racist ,angry ,bitter, bitch look in the mirror!!!!!!!!!!!
bitch please, Ill go to Windsor either way..
When i come up I can bring some also nah this bitch dykey I know, all the bitches love me ha bitch I know if you cant stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Gratata swag bitch holy fuck thank you.
I hate bitches that just fuck their ex then their boyfriend then back to back like damn Call you peace pipe trust me, after i tweeted that i was like...
Damn im a fag bitch back up Im taken no but if you dare Ill slay your ass.
You fruity quaffing tranny.
Its funny and it has that blond bitch on it hey, fuk them hoes they prolly already have it yep Im an asshole..oh well he shouldnt be such a little bitch..Im sure he hears worse on a daily basis suck ass bum ass Yankees foh haha pussy I know bitch bitch if they wasnt bitch this shit is SOOOO FUNNY bitch you looked surprised asf YO MAMA LET YOU DRIVE HER SHIT dont forget nappy headed, butt ugly bitch, whos married to a Muslim only dumb bitches r in 8th bring it bitch.
nah dude mostly just sound like a faggot safe bruv welcum to twitter my niggur wrong skiny girls are for guys that want hot sex that looks good too.
Every fat bitch knows that ruga bussed yo bitch duh!
Youre my main bitch what time is your bonfire Saturday hoe?
What a fag.
fag moderator wants to bitch slap Romney so hard got bitches that look like Bulldogs instead lol quit ya hating you oyster lookin ass bitch.
I love when blacks call eachother ignorant and niggers.
Makes me not have to bitch what time nigga stop being a bitch and come to the high school You already said yes .
No the fuck it doesnt its a fucking song wtf r u talking about.
Yes the fuck I can bitch plz come down here im really sick of your bitch ass talking shit plz come down here it going to be 1 on 1 No am just letting you whats going to happen, am not like u pussy ass niggas from Plano bitch I been in Plano every fuck weekend and you make excuses stfu and fight bitch how tf am dumb your going off what someone else told you so u can shut that shit up bitch thats next year come on the weekend but yo scary ass dont want to see me tho stfu talking am u know where I be at pussy boy u fucking trailer trash naw really bitch I mean yo address bitch keep talking bitch what where yall be at come to town east mall u and your bitch fuck boys then bring yo bitch ass to town east mall let me know when u there bitch!
then bring your bitch ass to town east bitch u call me dumb but u speak on shit u dont know nothing about yea look whos fucking talking retard where yall be at oh we going fight come to town east bitch yea its very true bitch so why the fuck are still talking shit.
You acting like a pussy ass nigga How u going to talk shit from another state thats dat pussy shit I heard your mama raised you like bitch I said your name bitch so yes you fuck boy Lmfao and Im making more money then yo duck ass bitch I from Dallas tx born and raised and we back our shit up all day nigga No am real but you a pussy ass nigga so why would I give a fuck what u think lmao just stfu No thats what u think I just dont like pussy boys who run they mouth but they cant back they words up.
No the fuck its not bitch whats the real fucking address get that bitch out yo blood and tell me the address am done are acting like a little bitch.
My 5 year old nephew realer then your scary ass, sunset is not a time u dumb fuck am going to hurt more then your bitch ass feelings and stop being a bitch made nigga and man up and show up for that ass whooping and who said I didnt like myself where the fuck u got shit from u made that up stfu and stop assuming and bitch am not ugly.
and why would I care what a bitch ass nigga think and u dont understand how fucking scary u look and you got that pussy in your bllod bitch I dont wanna talk, I wanna fight your pussy ass bitch I have a phone stfu talking dont worry about me just make sure you show up bitch am not I really dont fucking like you.
why the fuck are you even talking to me ?
bitch am not your fam and wtf is skrong, who says shit like that get your wack ass off my page lamo bitch cause u wanted to fight and you didnt show up, and tryna make a bet and shit get yo friendly ass off My Twitter bitch didnt we just discuss this shit yesterday what time faget bitch get the fuck off my tl what u mean bitch go get a life before I block your lame ass bitch lets fight today where you at or are you going to bitch up again.
I think your going to bitch up again bitch meet up bitch that says traffic stop bitch stop making excuses bitch u a thot oh fake ass nigga box up hoe u not bout nothing bitch u describe both of those terms bitch was i talking to u stfu and get off my page oh bitch nigga u bout that life bitch what?
I did show up then I tweeted,dm, texted then called u and I asked u were tryna meet up bitch ur fucking weak.
bitch what?
No it must of flew over u head cuz u didnt show up at Plano senior high school in Plano tx fuck boy bitch whos fucking playing but you and how would u know what I smoke I dont fuck with friendly ass niggas bitch whos playing am not worried about you or your little faget ass friends at vines I know niggas at vines to so wtf u say bitch wtf r u talking about and why tf r u still talking shit but not doing no action no thank for proving my point pussy boy bitch you are not funny stfu talking to me what part of that do you not understand?
bye bitch catch them hoes on.Saturday meet me at Plano senior high ha bitch who angry bitch am taller and older then your fake ass boy stfu your making yourself look like a dumbass pussy boyy!
here let me say it more clearly since your retarded ass dont understand how would u know if I dont fuck with you?
Exactly you dont wtf I got shut your retarded ass up i swear u a fuck nigga u a scary little bitch u think this a game huh?
idgaf what your name is scary ass give me a real address hoe is that all you have to say you sound like a little bitch nagging and shit where u be at keep talking Im going to make when u cant talk, u going to be talking like a retard lets settle this and fight stop being a pussy lmao why ur dad raised u to be a bitch made nigga meet up then and stop hitching out and back your words up pussy mfka what ok bitch we going to see.
Your a funny mother fucker naw my fam aint no bitch made niggas, gtf off my shit fuck nigga im not your fam oh friendly ass nigga nigga I was there at 542 I went to go get my homeboy and I texted u at 550 naw u a bitch nigga i really dont give a flying fuck but if u wanna talk shit then back your words up and scratch stop being a little bitch nigga u just called me a bitch last time i check im a fucking nigga get out there and ill show u what a real fight like nigga what I was talking bout after school.
Or when ever your choice bitch oh am I lame but yo pussy ass didnt show up the fuck u talking bout oh scary ass white boy oh but I am and my grades say other wise so u can stfu and get off my Twitter or u can box simple ass that pussy boy pussy pussy nigga its the same term restricton g means your license been revoked stop making excuses you a straight up bitch sorry dont know what to tell you but to get your pussy ass off my twitter u can bring that bitch to.
u can have a tool bet u want shoot it tho pussy ass nigga but u cant through dem hands tho u feel like dumb ass dont u pussy boy u going to get dropped bitch im a fucking nigga who got a fucking dick u made me drive all the way to Plano then wanna bitch out u want me to panda express so someone.
Can break up the like fuck stick to plan and go to Plano get that bitch out your blood u will see it on Saturday and if u dont show up then your a bitch made nigga pussy ass nigga umm you sure the hoes I talk to arent ugly wtf r u talking about I was in Plano tx what r u talking about pussy boy wtf u think u ole pussy ass nigga yes bitch, your a fucking square you dumb fuck thats not a fucking full address you dumbass I dont live in Plano so how the fuck would I know retard your so fucking retared its not even funny bitch im going to sleep u Alright fag what about this?
Home fag.
Didnt feel like puttin up with your shit today I slid in your DMs so answer me bitch!!
Im pretty sure shes a bad bitch.
I was implying you were the bro them two aint nothin but lil hoes..cmon now I or you Kim bitches needa take notes nigga be safe hoe fuck you bitch lmaooooo we cant wash that baby ass honda you got cause that hoe dont cost more than 1200 dont watch me watch tv hoe nigga Madison playing some bitch ass white boys thats going to Harvard on law scholarship play crazy shut up bitch for I spit on you you owe me anyway hoe I need that with interest or shooting your shit up you seen it hoe put that cash up bitch imma take your money and spit on your fat ass I feel like I just got married bruh, she a bad bitch Dont be a bitch you just did bitch lol Im a boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch Lol me and just sit there and make fun of him.
faggot stop oppressing me!
bitch youre the ugly one thats why everyone leaves you AHAHAHAA stfu dyke looking hoe.
at least im not black bitch your parents left you in the mcdonalds parking lot after you were born you were the one that jumped in this conversation you smelly ass bitch...
just fuck off and thats it..
bitch I aint arguing with you ..
Fuk on!
You said some slick shit n I addressed it ..
Youre prolly a fat ass man.
Who fuckin cares?!?
Let me do me ho bitch you mentioned me first tf wrong wit yo psychotic ass.
They hate whitey.
someone on Facebook made a status defending him so I dropped a bomb full of knowledge on that bitch and unfriended lol tell Liv none of her usual redneck hillbilly places an none of ur black gangsta places either ew you look like a cheap tranny hooker some scandalous hoes then!!!
I hopes dis aint cause he colored cause I knows he be actin all nigga like gimme one with his mouth closed I cant draw teeth without making them look retarded oMF fuck yo bitch ass fucking gay faggot look at that gay ass pink shirt haha better nig.
Im tryna get some more cash dont hoe me Ha Ha Ha no good fat dyke talkin bout bitches gettin butthurt am i right?!
Expose hoes , do some super gay shit , anything negative , since thats how society works.
call him a cock blocking faggot thats fucking bitches for ya!
Using that pus to hook u try me pussy atleast i dont have dick breath you twat licker atleast i wipe my ass trashy bitch bitch if im talker than you then youre short so stfu bitch im 57 12 smd hoe comeover here then bitch r u that ugly that ur avi is a bitch bitch lady Bligh is my bitch!!
I got 10 natty daddys in my fridge so many hoes text me fag fag No the fuck u cant dumb bitch, matter of fact go get nigga hoe cuz u not going be shit.
stfu prude ass basic ass bitch faggot quit bitching faggot, happy you cant see your faggot family cry baby little girl crying in the parking lot, you aint a man sissy dont be a hurt little faggot Niggas probably be watching me like Look at this Uncle Tom ass Rasta Sick bitch nutjob haha, Ive swatted that little bitch around all night, starting to feel a bit sorry for him, seriously.
and I are on our way to fuck your bitch fag thats some gay ass shit on my way to fuck your bitch sucks to suck bitch.
Nah, they would probably call you out for being the obsessed faggot you are also.
DP Double Penetration aka a dick in the ass and a dick in the pussy at the same damn time.
bitch I called yu back bitch you need to bring your ass to fucking practice.
text me bitch cant wait 2 see my bitch tmrw nigger
I dont likes dat magazine.
All da black folk look like dey one chromeasome away from da ape yeah I read yo shit to fast bitch ah Lil bit bitch ohh bitch i gotta go fck with my girl my second lil family frfr salty pussy I like that your room isnt a big sloppy mess like most of these Twitter hoes pretty like a bitch just Robert bc he was the one cussing like no tomorrow bc hes a pussy you a bitch tho I know for sure Im not.
Youd get your ass beat by any of my bitches thats fact linda you just yourself rn you retard bitch bitch exactly, so shes a bitch Lil pussy didnt DM me back?, hmm omg no plz stop calling me an idiot...
are we in kindergarden you fucking faggot what a bishhh slap a hoe I dont see how ud get pussy when u yourself are a pussy.
same here nigga the minute it dropped I got it.
Fuck with our team bitch none of my business ?
Nigga if you get that Im living with you lol and Im stealing one of them bitches and 100k your disgusting, you should be banned from talking about Hiphop, retards like you belong in the 40s with your retarded ass logic after a 2 day bitch fest maybe omg...what a retard...should have asked her which weighs more?
faggots how about darkskin dykes?
hey dude watch who your calling a bitch..
my dad wanted me to twat him.
I be around my nig....
oh hell no they act proper and i live in richardson much finer then the hoes in ducanville and yes.THAT was very ghetto and condescending ESPECIALLY after her miserably failed crappy school lunch initiative.
The Hypocrite faggot garbage rappers cant learn.
its like teaching Advanced Algebra to a retard.
no one knows the words to that song, they only know the sexy saxophone.
George Michael is a pussy.
thanks...bitch.
thats that never call a bitch again shit for reals psycho ass bitch lol us english its our go learn grammar u dick sucking hoe idk what ur saying probably desperate for my pussy u call ur bestie a bitch Im guessing shes a dog that barks too much too pussy or what?
They sound like little bitches.
lmao dude you are probably the biggest fag in nebraska stfu white trash ur a boss ass bitch apparently this little pussy cant converse nevermind fight.
Ive been blocked.
gayer then 2 faggots in bed together all stadiums play music by jayz a former drug dealer whose diaphragm wouldnt work wo saying nigger in every song will you mention why being called nigger is wrongwitch i agree with bossy is wrong.but being called a pimp is still ok?
niggas be pressed 4 pussy it aint nuthin instead of worrying who dat bitch fucking why dont u get chu sum money youre right momma aint raise no faggot yeah hoe ass nigga at that point, just call me nigger.
someone needs to give these bitches a gatoraide or ten
Your mouth Your pussy Your ass My dick And a sandwich after we fuck.
the black girl is lighter than every other bitch on here!
yall needa stop playin, fuckin up darkskin girls body image dont start lil bitch no just a niggress that thinks shes human.
Ill do that, if you agree to take your Ethiopian starvin looking nigger ass back to Africa.
I heard he has some big booty hoes.
fuck you bitch, wheres my sleeve wtf is ur tumblr bitch u and taber the shit coon do you mean you were too distracted by being a bitch ?
faggot If racial minorities werent criminally inclined, they wouldnt have so much to worry about.
we dont trust these hoes, lol na but its bigger for us I think bc most guys talk to girls first, if you understand other than those the university and the white black and red ones ..
They just making shit up now you fucked that bitch!
Mmm no thanks Ive been saving mine up for this point in time....fucking queer....
I mean we have other pics of me ..idk why you chose that one cough bitch cough bitch I will kill yo vibe bitches bow down fuck bitches get money oh you spelled give wrong psh thought Id be a bitch Thanks for saying hi today bitch!!
Ol sick ass bitch!!!
aint that a bitch.
o I be THIIIIIIIS close to going real east side Detroit on they monkey ass.
I live in the eye of a white trash hurricane.
Where people use bikes BC of DUIs not to save the environment.
drive you nigger speaking about me all the time tryna make me look bad like you wasnt just eating my pussy .
What else do you expect from that nigger lover?
you guys are pussies thats life hoes gonna be hoes an you could blame Tammy Ill show you how much of a fag I am shut your dirty dirt trap you limp knees, ashy footed, blue balls, isolated hamster wheel, no nipples bitch congratulations, you are officially fucking retarded.
they say I got too many bitch ...
I swear I aint got the right ones the favorite drink of white trash everywhere....
try this one Mikey, none of that hick shit...
That talentless skag IS a wardrobe malfunction.
bitch u lying about Justins account ugly indian fight me you fucking obese niglet You are an ignorant cunt.
you still are a cunt okay, lets fight you ginger faggot never said I wanted to fuck a tranny...
nigga chill throw me in the jungle watch me come out with a gorilla monkey cheetah coat I am that queer gnarles Charles and no it wasnt me sup pussy thats a bitch.
I have no desire to see that much bullshit hahahaha well he is at Genos.
So he is the ultimate faggot that mindless twat is shitting on hiphop hahahaha juss the way she stands screams bitch!
fags are gross You aids infected sick fuckers Its dumb cunts like you that make me sad to have served in a war so you wouldnt have to.
oh so basically we both will be your bitch all day?
love you too bitch all this spaceship shit is retarded.
glad about your uncle, another stupid faggot off the world, hopefully you next.
Disgraceful nig, you sir, are an embarrassment.
LOL such a nig lol profane words, bwahahahahahah mad gay faggot fuck boi.
Get at me bitch ass nigga.
y u arguing with that ugly bitch on twitter hell yea,Im surrounded by hillbillys an real ass rednecks back Atcha bitch!
ya know gamoot, i considered it, but then I was like wait.
Im no little baby back bitch fake bitches....
I apologize Morgan, but a bitch was blind for a whole 35 seconds!!!!
youre a bitch naw negro faggot alert bitch ass scaring me!
im still where that giant muk shit eats that candy with ceasar clown no you ignorant cement headed hillbilly.
Cant you fuckin read you fucking knob gobbling douchebag lmao why would we respect him then?
Lol it sounds good back in high school w one.
fuck these hoes now nigga lol thats what they for he has one called pussy pop I think its for cats fuck dyslexia is an bitch karma is a bitch no one cares bitch Jesus walks bitch can I ask my bitch for other bitches I rather go choke on your moms bomb pussy called her a cunt too why would i need to call her and bitchcunt to your face?
Im talking to her not you dumbass I love you and bitches love me.
I called you hoe lol ily 2, Im at work bitch do you even have any battle ready blades?
whatever you wall hackin pussy bich Ill fuk u up like I did ur mum, ur sis, ur step sis, ur mums mum, ur mums aunt 420 bich bich come wage with us fag hoes these days how dare insult that pearl harbor vet.
You are a dumb cunt.
dont tell what the fuck to stop with.
2nd, if you think its protocol to put 6 shots in someone whos unarmed, youre a retard one thing about it baby I will NEVER Call a bitch phone bout a nigga.
Ill be back bitch.
Neil, have you heard that scientists have discovered that, in fact, bitches do be trippin?
naaaa, just the faggots!
Headed to work sorry ho lmao if the shoes fit?
lace them bitches up.
Im talking in general am I watching football or pussy soccer?
Wtf?
come watch Godzilla then faggot sounds about right to many dumb bitches work there welcome to my life bunch of pussies.
whatever you fucking pussy now Im chewy high with a hard ass dick.
Ooh there goes my pager could it be a trick bitch?
she looks like the pussy lips are huge aka the lonely bitches I got ugly niggah problems.
Lol but you got pretty niggah problems.
pussy shit!
niggah das gay trippy hoes Im gonna drink monster til I sue we gettin the bitch lmaoo one nigga had that 2nd pic as Looove that pussy from Popeyes!
lmaoo that shit killed me also you can only refer to a girl as bitch if she has sucked your D bitch fuck you your dad.
writes name all retarded lmfao sorry bitch, no one likes you wes niggers You can roll?
Barter system my nig!
fuck you both bitches.
Im not a bully, you halfretarded talking flotation device!
I assure you, Im no bully.
i have that bitch bloked lmao No the fuck am not bitch how bout u get out there bitch ass Nigga stupid ass check yer phone nigger where you been at nigglet?
You gotta respect a bitch before she lets you put your entire arm in her vagina.
I love laying in bed by myself because I have a twin size bed and bitches be takin up 34 and I aint havin that bitches be crazy.
whore my life on a bad day is better than any good day that youve ever had.
fuck a day bitch haha Congratulations brother!
I knew you were a faggot though fugly white bitch Bye bitch byeeeee!
hoe stfu What the fuck is wrong with you.
You cant call urself a man if u call a girl a bitch.
Ur a fuckin loser bro stfu bitch He called a nigger this hoe got some issues!
Get at me queer Im trying to catch diabetes so Im fuckin a white bitch Hit a bitch its not like you can see the bruises that hoe over there Youre a fucking faggot.
bitch got arms like piccolo
I wants to has my weenis swingin but da twitter say day shut my colored ass down whats next?
fingers in dykes?
ell naw dogs run this bitch stop being a bitch and speaking on my name little girl , thank you.
Come over faggot Im 58 fag yeah you right and you know them Mexicans bringing all they family that hoe finna be packed You two need to stop acting like two little bitches.
his hillbilly ass would shoot ya piers put ya right next to the buck hangin on his redneck ass wall house keeps passing CRs senate says no because harry ried is obamas bitch..
shut up with your arsenal already, you bitch!
LJ hoes!!
fuck yall if you doubt me, Im a piece of white trash I say it proudly thats a good choice, except all the whale bitches youd fuck would get pregnant
My mammy woulda been happy I made friends wit da folk dat brought us to da new world in chains But then you have no idea what peoples actually personalities are like maybe Pamaj has always been a cunt hahaha he was no more a cunt with a shitty attitude than Apex or Pamaj or Banks.
puss or pussy?
That being said, I didnt vote for the son of a bitch
Yeah, Id want to shoot the son of a bitch myself.
LOL if you go could you hook up the plant city faggots or pussy Im surprised you could read it with slits for eyes And you thought a camera would steal your soul.
Shut the fuck up, you stupid twat.
I dont think you can hang lol shes a dyke bitch was at a gas station puffin.
Her nigga should put her in check..
ugly dyke bitch yu nt gone mention me back Im outside where you at?!?!
And Im the pussy u good man long time my niggah bitch fuck you bitch hey I guess yall forgot im in this bitch too lol whoooo??
Lemme find out a bitch run u haha I dont see tears bitch cry bitch if you hate men so much why you trying to look like one?
Stupid little cunt yeah it was such a lie, thats why you deleted it nigger.
I would reply with the red emoji but Im not a nigger like I got time to be wasting on some bitch who broke up with me the bitch ass nigga I just called a bitch drink pussy juice nigga 61 bitch dont hate .
Right these hoes on my dick about u dats how Thats how rednecks eRecycle.
holy fuck, frozen pussy!
grow a pair pussy talkin bout the retard your sittin on old cunt needs to die to HELL with the plasticassed bitch!!
them hoes aint thick at all u clowning OK Now youre talking my language, none of this pussywhipped RINO whining me hoe text me queer bait thats Kevin with the hoes you a broke bitch too.
stfu u ugly dyke call him a pussy as he should!
he looks like reg.
trash!
wtf mine was just a fried Twinkie w powdered sugar I got hoed bitch I might be aesthetic lol, We gotta let these hoes know.
hes a better trainer, Jillian really acts like a bitch sometimes!
lls omg omg me too getting harrassed by my bby father smh on ig tlk bout hw mch he miss me bitch please and dis wus after i offered to help faggot ass nigga get custody of his kids....
man fck dat tranny....
Juwanna man ass nigga....
Bastards.
I poked this little pussy with a stick, and he curled up into a little ball like a pill bug.
sounds like a bad bitch.
They dont get to bitch when its their playbook dumb hoe my bitch do all that and still go out yeah she didnt wana bring that pussy to us or tell us where he was so we could just go find one Mexican in this city full adawg getcho ghetto booty up nigglet send me the pictures I got your moms ass on my breath pussy little bitch ohhhhh you bitch bitch please why you gotta hoe me like that I shouldve that bitches wallet was tigher than her puy
That bastard Obama is giving them to the fing wetbacks.
thats enough of making fun of retarded people talking that way you see me texting you bitch BORINGHACK allah and mohamed are also against fags.PLEASE mention them as well.did God take away your balls as punishment?
Lets hangout Monday nigs?
bitch!
Why cant I retweet your shit?!
youre wearing my sweatshirt in your snapchat story hoe!
Dumb bitch ass sloot!!
stfu prude ass basic ass bitch Im just kidding, Im not a fucking faggot wtf that bitch was driving around drunk pussies!
oh yeah and fuck the Lakers too, bitch boi!
hey bitch boy What a cunt he is.
no in the instrumental Im not retarded I love you too pussy....
Lmaooo promotion thats hoe ya do it okay love you bitch Why would i pay sex ,when i can getfree pussy that makes no sence at all Ill actually kill that bitch brandy wanna b down ass bitches Im a vet Ryan.
TK rocks!
Oh, and you have a face like a bitch.
Lol shut up bitch..im alive!
i just been going through it...but im good now tag me pussy ill fite u Im a faggot
u calling me a pussy but your the one talking shit and making excuses after getting your ass beat stfu with the talking whats good then bitch Ass nigga catch your phase that nigga Vic acting like he yellow bone with 15k followers and cant answer a nigga phone some fucking bitches its parseltounge, not basilisk you fucking pussy.
Cody is ALWAYS calling people nigger.
Hes a fucking spaz!
some negro amigo pulled a gun on Nate and I a few weeks ago.
Its simple, but I live in a pretty redneck area..
So it never gets pronounced correctly what a ratchet ass bitch bet she felt dumb thats what happens when you date a colored im going to murder that fucking cunt bitch you already know I would go crazy with out you hahahah hes a stupid ass bitch She made fun of a suicide attempt.
Mellie aint that bitch to fuck with this season!
ugly white bitch ur ballsack is hairy gtfo tranny prude bitch bamoose the prophet was right thy hoes aint loyal niggers fell off shes a dyke looks like shes 12 that was back when nigger music was decent just be like me make bitches move bitch I texted you bitch what.
meet up at Plano senior high school or vines I got some shit on my chest am going take it out on yall yall some pussy ass niggas bitch am speaking fucking English u fucking pecker wood bitch that doesnt even make any sense bitch.
bitch u ugly then hoe bitch fuck that blog where u be at meet up and get your round nigga stfu u not funny we all laughing at yo retarded ass just stfu bitch what but I pull more hoes the u dream of how could I be a fag?
But I like bitches please tell me yo bitch talk about lamp u not on my level do u even know fussy look like stop looking porn kid read the constitution you love.
no bitch bitch you look like a deformed version of rocky youre a fag me then faggot you still needs to give it to me bitch , Im on YouTube and rhapsody with it ya cock bitch i taught you i know my mess ups yea cause I showed ya bitch ass oh now your bitch ass wants to reply back after 3 days bitch bye Agronomist once told me beans are a bitchthey do whatever they want Wussup bitch wuss up bitch 98 civic lx stick green with shitty paint on some beaner ass wheels with 180k miles no AC and no insurance hows that?
well I dont use it anymore and Id like a dslr Im just a broke bitch so yeah they trash though?
Jus rain down hell upon any bitches that get in your way today fat hoes need a treadmill???
Therealwesjames.com long tittied no nipple having bitch!
the ending was retarded all I wear is vineyard vines and American flag chubbies.
Im the OPPOSITE of a wigga.
bro I swear to god I was just bout to txt you Dex about these hoes hell naw he aint he the star of that team lol but Im sure that white honkey called him a nigga nigga dont be telling my business on this hoe lol Like ion care how that bitch susie from work broke up with her man and she was tellin me the whole story blah blah blah lol I talked to a lady who said having a clean shaven vagina at a Doc visit comes off as hoeish!
She was old try me bitch boy haha yeah its just gonna be a bitch going btw there and Illinois on leave mannn.
Im stoked they are tho chill ur pussy gay af shut ur faggot ass up you thirsty pussy Either trolling or retarded.
Lamashtu has some great orgies but is a total bitch.
lol P go back to lego club faggot i bet you are, faggot.
yeah ok nigger.
shut up faggot Dont my nigga me honkie right because as far as im concerned I aint no bitch tf.
I love my bitches these hoes gay thats why its not colored in...
dumb dick Equality niggah bitches are gonna make it rain on me you sub tweeting me nig?
cause you got you wife on the left an bitches on the right nigga man logic Even that bitch has to admit something isnt right with our .
I guess you used to getting bitch cause idk anybody that Juss let ppl disrespect them n just sit there.
I am funny bitch Greta...
You let a fag do this to me I thought we were cool haha not you.
Just getting shit from everyone else when my second favorite team is the redlegs.....
I recall you telling one of the Apollo teachers you hoped her baby came out retarded , and it did ...
I miss you too faggot Thats you faggot you eat shit for fun its goldbar dumb bitch and no my dad wouldnt pick you up he doesnt like faggots like you you dont know where I llive you stupid cunt youre failing at that and you dont know where I live faggot Oh, yeah, the HPV shot swells like a bitch.
Mmmm sure dont seem like it..
lmfao but yess ill be that bitch now are you done?
yeah Im down Im starting to promote for belasco Thursday , so u better go bitch So they could complain about racial profiling Im sure, bloody twats Ur still secretly lookng at Tommy Lees cock!
Jesus Christ 4getaboutit!
Thanks Walking Dead Bro Steve For Mend..USMC Come on you sonnbitches you want to live forever!
thats what the little egotistical bitch deserves his head is huge for someone who gets KOd when the wind blows lmao not even bro if a girl a thottie keep it simple call her a hoe Soft shit?
Are you handicapped or retarded?
hoe ass nigga lmao niqqa thats every white person just because some might seem down to earth dont mean there not gonna use nigger against us omfg thats mine faggot lol you being a cunt haha same here bitch is trippin if you want a hoe go on urban chat.
Thats where all the hoes are.
you didnt even pass ESL yet you bitch lmao I figured I was just shocked out hoe old that tweet was lol and getting pedicures bitching bout their ex and going tanning is something a bitch does Straight AF.
Except math is a bitch.
Hows the dealership, lol Only rich white liberals know whats best for black people.
main bae gonn think sumn up wit the pussy Are you working on route running and catching.
Have fun with the white trash, racist UF fans.
yous a nasty lil bitch i tell it how it is if yu ain uh bitch or uh hoe i call yu by yo name ya dude get the pussies drunk!
bitch go play dead my real lil bro even tho cuh a bitch lmao slid bitch wyo bitch youre are only a hoe when you fuck him and think youre pregnant ...
Not when you party together pussy heels!!
Haha onlife yal niggas funny man lol Lonnie was suppose to get out of that bitch after he was up a band smh what she means is shes a fat bitch those hoes aint loyal follow the system and youll practically be swimming in pussy youre just a pussy.
Most people hate me for it but as long as Im still happy they can bitch all they want
a beam of light descended from the heavens a loud voice said fuck her right in the pussy many lives were changed that day if you aint with someone you can still sleep around be a hoe and not the cheatin we should change that to bitch about everything.
For example my girlfriend dont like the crew I hang with she BAE its yo fault taking a nig out everyday just like a Velcro headed moon cricket to say fucking jungle bunny put your tits away you ginger.
Arnt u like 7?
Fuck off bitch.
.we got 1, except eric holder gave them 2 the beaners 2 kill americans!
So six martinis before passing out on the couch after watching Eurotrash into the wee hours.
superman dat hoe no watch me uuuuuuuuuu bitch please Im a stud I didnt tag you negro lol starve, bitch Got me blushin like Drake bitch az.
Lol so the fat bitches who ride dick with a tshirt on Id give that hoe the finger everyday at work until I get fired for it.
no you threatened us bitch?!
Dont try to make it what its not porn stars are 100 acceptable bro.
Im was talking about these air mattress hoes....lol yes!!!
I love the hair on her pussy...lol At least 3.
Cuz adrenaline and emotion gonna carry them bitches until halftime.
Its him and a bunch of retards I wouldnt trust with a potato gun.
After Joique pounds that bitch, bring in reggie for the GAPING holes that will inevitably appear.
Brah falls out white bitches crazy He actually good lol dont hoe him.
But I mean thats some road to glory shit Go to Northern Illinois Undefeated Heisman yeah lil nigga I was homecoming king and still been getting bad bitches as u see aint like I have anything to do bitch boy lol.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH hook nose faggot, cant get pussy sucks at hockey
cuz ur a sellout bitch fag .
I tinks dats be racist and shit fags very wrong lmao this bitch literally tried to swallow someone in this movie sexy bitch oh yea I forgot u decided to have math a hoe instead of football!
yo ugly ass 4 eyes havin ass bitch Im not gone see your baby monkey lil ass anyway funky ass your dad is genuine happy guy because his kids arent niggers though jimmy is my nigga 5eva that bitch gonna get a rug burn you just started a whole other situation you dumb asa cunt youre such a darkie.
He gotta be colored Hell was lucky to have gravel dirt roads were a bitch pussy I believe that you fuckin can punk nigga bitch hell yea went from I love you to fuck you and that basic bitch nigga what u talkn bout??
Tell them hoes get on they DJ UNK shit if they aint sucking, walk it out your still a little pussy tomcat had me so high off the monkey nutts yesterday nbs lil b already to puff for the hoes dude your fucking gay you made a twitter just to mock me fucking lowlife its fucking real retard holy fuck can you not read my tweets fucktard?
I dont look like white trash.
Im not pregnant and 17 gtfo.
bitch you watch your fucking mouth you dirty whore.
I swear to god thats a thin line uh I think his mom loves him you fucking retard.
We all believe stfu you stupid bitch?
Like leave us alone?
No one gives a fuck about you.
Bruh just block her.
I have something that you dont bitch.
okay bitch.
Tomorrow in the principals office.
to cut all them bitches yall trash but cold that bitch done..
have it to u on Sunday my nigga it was the address to her Job...
So the jokes on you bitch!
No matter how much you bitch and complain...
All the bitches there are fat...
bitch smd hey bitch imy I swear I cant do shit right now but Im down to get into something tonight if u are nig well I already got some lol but Im bout to hop in the shower and eat something real quick then Ill be on my way nig if somehow u didnt already go Im down nig oh, see cher?
A boy who thinks its ok to call a woman a cunt.
have fun losing tonight bitch your talking to every hick in San Antonio I ride with a big 45 in the console nah gurl this pussy private hes just a cunt and nobody likes him.
He should choke on shit bitch.
Again?
shutup thirsty hoe nah lemme chill i love the bitches fucking faggot lets go see the wolverine hoe of course bitch.
I kinda wanna attempt to play madden tho not in Florida retard every1 is so over the bigass bitches!!
that old cunt needs to sit down
Fuck her right in the pussy nigger bitch wea ur clothes not no but hell no, when blk.
stop sayin nigger I will, what they can have I can have.
this is america k, niggah do u evem shmoke thats right niggah Netherlands!!!
viva Brazil niggah lol dam this hoes should be working at Microsoft town .
I stabbed a nig 3 times and got sent to prison.
this bitch........
playoffs bitch faggot I knew you werent really my friend.
I dont care what they is they can catch them hoes hes a lyin ass bitch lmao oh my gosh why are so so cute?!
FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA bitch at least I have a boyfriend dumb bitch thats all the action youll probably get bitch good bitch choke did I mention you are an ugly cunt?
Go back to Iran.
You are retarded.
alot of these bitches themselves aint shit either....birds of a feather flock together bruh we was my fam, nd yeah pussy niggas get no respect.
like I said drose needs to stop being a pussy lol you little fag.
At least I will fuck a Woman to have kids.
Hipster homo Yeah Im trying to.
An empty son of a bitch folk I wanted to see that but I like trash sometimes lol I still think he is a pussy haha bird shit aint no joke old raglyscrag.
me and that bitch been places.
at least its not antville, because thats for cunts.
weve used the word cunt almost 3 times.
my bitch dont want your ugly ass gtfo ol peyton manning lookin ass stfu you dont get any pussy fuck boy bitch stfu u livin off our tax money too, we pay shit just like u so dont get that white power shit to head mmm where the fuck is that at honkey?
A nigga botta get his ass beat clearly bitch nigga u see real niggas conversatin you just a dark ie my nig..
white boy talmbout Ight Ill see you tomorrow at school nigger yeah wtf you arent a pussy.
keep these hoes on yet toes !
Dont tell them nothing thanks bitch yu betta watch cho mouf bout dat one dea hoe nun of ya bidness bitch Shantrell bitch we ainn talkn to you C yo ugly way out Exactly dem gold diggin hoes came out da woods on my ass Heyy hoe bitch i ainn hiden i go str8 to class my teacher lame af bitch i juss askd yu uh question yo ole choppa bullet head ahh dat was befo da fact hoe shut yo ass up dumb ass hoe hoe yu came at me first tf lol Duhh but ima get my neck tomorrow so dont be mad hoe yeah right hoe gabby called her yesterday and we call her a bitch and then cried.
dat shit crazy a nicca use to wear dat shit fr already kno nicca lol da nicca was str8 n Friday wit out it but dude str8 Uncle Tom nicca now lol la bitch happy bout Beatin our bench players lol mane shut dat bitch shit up youn fucc wit me start telling all bitches how to live their lives.
you look like a bitch nigga to me text me, my phone being a cunt whore.
Alright fag 11k now shut up hoe I bet I fuck yo bitch tho Im not goin oml Im finna drop this bitch bitch give me my lighter or get shot eat pickles hoe follow back bitch follow me back hoe hell naw bitch no help!
these bitch been sayin they was leaving since 3 ew pussy buy a fucking xbone , u got dat Puppy muny bitch I asked you a question they act like they earned the subs curse has haha bitch you wasnt in i made you lunch you fat faggot boa Im trying see if that bitch was going or not .
Me Vick stay agru about he dont get hoes it makes you a nigger fucking a goat.
Not only are you a fag but youre also retarded.
lmao bitch know we stand there EVERYDAY bitch dont retweet my question.
Psh!!
Nasty ass ho.
is that Im a twat or Im Twat, like formally?
bitch Im up for sale every weekend omg her nips I was taking a picture and that bitch scared me lmao bitch shut up men are talking an unpredictable is an excuse for retarded haha yuhhh did I hit that hoe or what me n glo boy will get young chop in that bitch too you pissing in my trash can again?
im not a nigglet all of these rednecks and none of them can keep the fire lit Because either way that makes you a bitch.
trash because hoes disguise themselves as real women LMFAO thats dead them hoes gotta pay the base and would mean it would hurt like a bitch to have one broken off.
shit is trash that bitch needs a tittielift
plot twist you have no penis.
Penny would make that bitch like a balloon.
Balloons and bitches can all float I didnt know that was a fad sounds fucking retarded haha mormon hoes but but but you said vibe.
Which means I have to say bitch, dont kill my vibe.
hahaha it makes sense hoe p lets hang fag name that hoe Im 61 on my license tho no clue but these bad hoes aint really bad these hoes dont want no help but they want all the help whats this chinks email?
Im moving to China and slicing his throat raspy ass voice annoying bitch???
nah Bama fans aint finna have a nigger running the offense.
nigger mad bruh why it look like a niggah dick slapped the baby are you for real right now!!
this kid haha where you at pussy I know, bitches.
shut up bitch it looks smooth like a booty it doesnt matter if it was a joke, the fact still remains that hes a faggot for pretending to be a girl bitch I didnt even know you, I was only fucking with real niggas and damn sure wasnt one of them bitch fight me so I can make you shut up am going to back my shit up bitch stfu and get off my page does smdh stand for suck my dick, hoe?
Little sissy bitch I hear Bill likes trailer trash like you.
profeten voor m?Niemand weet exacte leeftijden maar v Aicha opeens wel.Again zelfs mn ma weet niet hoe oud z is I like how his tattoo on his head forms a mullet.
White trash people can be so entertaining sometimes pussy!!!!!
bro once Im there next year Ill make you look like straight trash so enjoy it the little time you have left dyke ron youre frumpy bitch go fuck your self pussy bitch boys A .4?
Jesus take me now bitch you go for a .4 and mc Donalds.
Fuck out the spot A 50 dollar card make a young nicca go hard ..
A bf and gf are suppose to laugh at these hoes together.
My parked car window scared the fuck outta me A bitch cant resist a nugga with a fresh cut shit I can hardly resist myself when j get one A bitch could never come out of her mouth and speak on shit that she has no idea what shes talking about.
A bitch like you need to get fucked right every night A bitch wanna get slick A bitch who cant keep a man Which one of you air headed bitches made this?
A bitch who cant ride dick is useless A bitch will be quick to get mad if they have to write and essay, but go post 1,000 tweets with ease.
A boyfriend who tells hoes and sluts, I have a girlfriend, is a real ass dude.
A dick has a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbors an asshole, his bestfriends a pussy, his owner beats him.
A down bitch for a real nigga A dude with money can only impress a broke bitch.
A dyke who wears strap ons cant brag to me that she beats the pussy better than me because her dildo cant cum and make her stop.
A fat bitch A strong black woman KimKourtneyKendallKhloe Kylie A fuck aint shit to these new age hoes A girl knows when a niggah just trynna fuck .
Yall the real bitches!
So at this point in my life where I should be gettin outta my moms crib, Ill rather just have hoes.
A girlfriend would be cool but pussy is all they got nowadays A guy claiming to be Republican called CSpan news and said Republicans hate that nigger Obama A guy on True Blood is getting his penis inspected and the doctor told him it look like an eggplant
A hoe gone be a hoe they aint A hoe gonna be a hoe regardless A hoe nigga will not be tolerated, A hunned hunneds nicca A knock on the door.
Its a bad bitch and a burrito.
See you there crazy bitch A lot of I fucked up call me back this bitch is tripping ..
Lol A lot of bitches eat ass nowadays A lot of cool bitches that a nigga went to school with was major hoes ...
And they man dont know A lot of dumb bitches out here....
A lot of you niggas turned these bitches into sketch ass bitches A lotta niccas all talk I jus let em do it A lotta u niccas aint who u say u is!
Fuck 20 different bitches in 1 year.
A miserable bitch is on the docket today.
The ordered harassment was undeniable.
A nicca aint do shit all day A nicca aint perfect but my heart is pure A nicca got some crazy head last night A nicca is hungry ...
AS FUCK!!
A nicca is hungry as fuk!!
A nicca is hungry as hell A nicca need a maid A nicca say he ballin ask em where his title n his deeds at not wher his clothes n his keys at A nicca still tired from last night ...
Wtf!!
A nigga could tell you he aint fucking with her but really do be , thats why you gotta ask .
Most of the time a bitch wont lie about that A nigga will say the worst about a bitch and shell still feel validated as long as he would fuck her.
A real gangster ass nigga know the play, the real gangster ass niggas gets the flyest of the bitches, ask that gangster ass nigga little J A real nigga aint complete without a real bitch A tall tee n sum slouch shoes on I couldve fucc yo bitch A week till im out this bitch..
Thank GOD A wise man once said Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue nd shit A1 bricks in this bitch we in Gucci house AHHH karmas a bitch ALL HE NEEDS IS A SKIRT!!!
Sure looks like a bitch to me.
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT PREACHES NO BULLYING Creating a new generation of pussies!
Especially you hippo looking hoes!
Abby doesnt understand how beautiful she is, bitch you is straight up trippin.
You know guys be droolin boutchu.
Lmao Abed and I are gonna retire in Florida and get all the bad bitches in the nursing home.
Abed looks like he has to take a shit About all u can expect from a nicca that can barely talk!
Lmao dude cant spell worth shit yo lol About to be 23.
See Im a fuck, small dick faggot with parents who dont love me.
Act like Im Casper get ghost with a bitch Actual quote from local cop there are too many pussies in this town.
Actually Im gonna have train her to be a fag.
Dont you dare bring a boy into my house you slut.You scissor like a good girl Add my snapchat lil bitch TreVaughn3 Aerin told me to leave them lightskin boys alone.
Shit bitch I DID Af nah these hoes stupid After 27 weeks straight of that nigga being you MCM we get it bitch yall fucking After I say some shit I just be like wow that was so uncalled for , youre really a bitch attitude on After a fight in the club in New Orleans them bitches start jumping After the leg workout I was put through today walking up the stairs is a straight up bitch!
After tonight many more nights to come!!
I will show you what a cold hearted bitch can do!!!
After watching the desolation of smaug I have come to the conclusion that bilbo made all other hobbits look like bitches in LOTR.
After you get good pussy you be feelin like you just found the last dragon ball..
I took my 15minute break to relax for a bit, not to here this bitch yellcomplain!
Ahhh fuck it lets go 405 rows for the hoes Ahhhh but now Im fuckin all you niqqas hoes Ahmeds moms bomb pussy Aint been on this hoe all day Aint been on this hoe all day haha Aint even fuckin wit shady bitches Aint fuckin wit nomore hoes got who I want Aint it a bitch when one of the people you get so excited hearing from, sends the shortest most closedended thing ever?
Ugh let down Aint like them guys who wine and dine to keep they women..
My bitches only want two things, thats to get high and kick it Aint me aint me these pussy ass niggas aint me !
Aint met a bitch yet that could compete.
Aint no bitch doe Aint no broke bitches standing next to me Aint no pussy better than loyal pussy!
Aint nobody up ..
TL slick dead ..
Other than the females bashing niccas early dis morning lol Aint none of these hoes loyal none of em if I cloud show yall the stuff be coming thru my phone....but that aint none of yall business Aint nothing funnier then watching a woman try to hide her inner hoe know she like to get hit from the back and have a finger...nvm Aint nothing funnier then watching somebody live a complete different life on the internet I be like who this hoe think she foolin Aint nothing that good head or pussy that curl yah toes up Aint nun Ordinary about this bitch Aint nuttin but a white trash party.
Aint shit like fucking another nigga bitch and askin her who pussy is this and she say yours lmao no bitch im stealing this pussy lol Aint shit pretty but my bitch and my momma anyone can get the drama Aint that a bitch.
Aint this a bitch Aint this a bitch Clock mistake in AlabamaArkansas via Champ Drive Aint jus bitches i wan fck day?
Aint This A Bitch...
I just saw my bitch kiss a bitch .
You lucky I dont kill yo ass but you can still get pistol whipped wayne Aint no bitches here...
Well, like 3 Aint no hoe in blood Aint no hoe worth loosing your wife, aint no beef worth loosing your life!
Aint no pussy better then perk pussy Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook Jordans but Mexicans trailer park trash white girls.
Aint this a bitch,!
The power out from this shit.
Too late fuckin faggot !
So roll tide bitch Alcohol....drunk hoe i miss...
Alex Smith saw his career leave with that fumble and reeled that bitch back in with everything he had.
Alex Smith such a got damn bitch man Alibaba Jack Ma Gotta love a guy who beat Meg Whitmans albino ass back to the US.
Freakin commie genius.
Alice took advantage of me last night......
that bitch wont tonight!!!!!
All DESE yung niggaz pussy All I ask for is love n loyalty.
No arguing over other bitchesniggas , no he say she say , no social media bs...
Just love All I got for these hoes is dick, duct tape, and a stapler.
All I need is a 100 million dollars Bc I got that bad bitch All I need is one, I dont want the hoes All I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe All I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe.
All I want is a 100 million dollars and a bad bitch All I want is a 100 million dollars and no bad bitch.
Im selfish lol All I want is bitches, big booty bitches All I wanted to do was get some hoes too All I wanted was 100 million dollars and a bad bitch.
But I get more then what most bitches could ever have...
All These hoes sooo average All a nicca need is time ..
All bitches do is graduate, get pregnant n become CNAs All bitches need a bus driver uppercut a Chris brown bitch slap followed by some dancing nd Chad Johnson hea All d messy hoes sleep All da lil bald headed bitches standn outside of kevin gates tryna get in All deses bitches know that youre my nigga.
All my bitches love me, all my all my bitches love me, all my bitches love me.
You aint fuckin with my dougie All my hoes got money she in the mall she ballin bitch buy something for me All my hoes they so rude All my life i been this cold, all my nights been With hoes.
All my niggaz better have at least 3 ugly bitches number in their phone this summer.
All my old hoes gone love my video All my old hoes wana have my baby All my white school teachers back in elementary knew not to give me no pussy.
Im telling all of my niggas.
All my young boys round me sayin get money and fuck these hoes All my young boys round me saying get money and fuck these hoes All of a sudden craving the hell out of cookies.
All of my bitches know they temporary All of my money neat all of my bitches freaky everybody kno it IT AINT A SECRET All people do in my house is bitch All that but the bitch cant take a joke.
All that x rays, no wonder the bitch got two heads All the Uchiha are.
Sasuke is probably the biggest faggot of all time All the bad bitches are in the gym between 91 u know why they aint got no job All the bad bitches think they ugly and all the roach bitches think they bad All the bitches happy maybe one of his female friends can find him a bitvj All the bitches in Shameless are straight bugoutsss All the coons use the same effect on their pictures All the fine bitches i need yall to hit me up my 562 922 40 guess the last 2 All the hoes I did have now they decided they wanted to be wifey type draya fuck all that up All the hoes know who I rock wit All the hoes on LoveandHipHop going to prom All the pictures of the ex are gone...theres no pictures with the side hoe posted...slides into his dms like All the ratchet hoes on Cecil B All the redskins act like te bitch the bitch All the snacks in this bitch All the time lol Lol ima hoe sometimes All the work gone so we aint going nothin but fucking bitches in the trap All them hoes crazy Thick thighs, skinny waist, and natural beauty face All these 420 tweets are retarded most of these nig nogs havent even smoke a blnt ever All these Hoes fuckin !
But they dont wanna seem like a hoe you gotta hit them ona D LO !
All these bitches niggas be Trippin offa what type of relationship me duddy got like we not fuccing no more we not dating.
All these bitches know that youre my nigga All these bitches love Mosa sippin on the coca All these bitches talk shit thats why bust em in they shit All these bitches wanna be like Kim K and fuck their way into being rich but it dont work like that.
Get a degree work a desk job you hoe All these bitches wanna fuck on a thug All these bitches want love from scrappy .
All these break ups gon be a crazy hoe free agency this summer All these faggot fell asleep on me All these fuckin dudes do is bitch at the refs....shut the fuck up and play All these hoes fuckin.....
All these hoes fucking, but they dont want to seem like a hoe so you gotta hit em on the low.
All these hoes say that wanna be cuffed bitch cuff this dick All these hoes trife I can never cuff , Ive been hurt before so I can never give a fuck All these hoes want boyfriends but the last thing I need is more ties All these niggas with these Love Quote Pages are some pussies.
Them niggas dont be living what they talking bout All these ratchet bitches killin Gossip Girl All these ratchet hoes be on tha same stuff !
All these so called real niggas and they hoes aint nuttin but some massah luvin uncle toms aunt jamammis fakin da funk.
All these touch screen phones and hoe u still got flipped All theses hoes on me , they so phony All yall bitches corny lol All yall bitches dress alike wassup wit that ?
All yall bitches fake an wanna bs get yall life, All you bitches can keep getting jealous.
I loveeee ittttt All you bitches extra easy when yall drunk lol unless ur sober friends there to save youu All you bitches know youre trying to find yourself on the website, who are you kidding lol All you bitches thirsty hella worried about IG All you gotta do is be funny, witty and charming and the bitches will come to you naturally you aint even gotta do shit but be yourself All you hoes are hoes for tweetin about ya panties bein wet All you hoes middle name isnt Nicole The jig is up..
All you ladies pop your pussy like this All you muzzy lovers need to do one thing.
Tell muzzies in the mideast to leave Israel alone.
Dont start no shit wont be no shit.
All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winnin All you see is straight pussy in my iPhone!
Cause bitch you always look like ass Allergies aint bothered me all summer now all of a sudden in the middle of august shit is startin to get real.
Aint that about a bitch Allergies have my eyes all red and chink eyed, I look like Im stoned Almost cussed dis bitch out at mcdonalds talmbout da register down so dey cant serve us..umm bitch give us da food fa free den Almost done with this bitch ass room ....
And if they support a republican government, I hope they fucking die.
Almost forgot 40,000 tweets still no bitches Almost got in a fight with a southwest faggot at the carnival lol Almost got to see a white boy get beat around today, but he ran like a bitch.
Almost just said some bitch shit Almost quit today they had me fucked up..
False promises to get me to work harder thats some hoe shit.
Aloha bitches!
27 minutes before I caught a 32ft Alotta people say they loyal to they niggas and bitches ....
Yall aint shiiittt .
Someone throw a few dollas in ya face youll be snitchn Already had to unfollow that bitch.
Already more yellows than the last 2 years combined Already scratched off mines Paying for pussy still on my bucket list Alright Vacarro you bitch!!!
Alright ya faggots.
No one gives a fuck on what you think of other people.
Probably lying anyways Alright your time is up Cheesecake trash Also love angry old Irish bartenders pussies have one beer and ask for a glass of water, fuck them I ignore that shit Also, anyone who wants to bitch about the prices at Disney needs to check this out next time.
Always a good sesh wit my niggah blakk Always broke niccas how yu Robbin Always wanted to fuck that bitch, thank you god I fucked that bitch Am I really going to sit here and cry like a bitch....
Am I the only man without a fag hag?
Am I wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the interrogation room Am sorry I cant stand stand some black females especially the full breaded Africans bitches being have std and shit I prefer white girls Am zoneing they say Im possessed its a omen I keep 300 like the Romans with 300 bitches with the trojans I been a menace for the longest.
Amanda Bynes is crazy, idc what else yall wanna call it but da bitch been crazy.
Amanda is a bitch omg I would beat her ass lol Amber Rose is one of those bad bitches who only get along with dudes Amber wants a million...
Wiz just like...
Ok bitch I spend that on 2 cars..
If your girlfriend doesnt like that bitch, you dont talk to that bitch America is white trash and so are all Americans.
Amina ass...
Peter you just fucking the bitch I dont like her voice An awesome Friday.
Anacortes bucks got racks like a black bitch, dwammm And I cant be known for fucking wit a trash bitch.
And I lick it after you clean it , eat pussy like a dyke but I fuck like a demon And I wanna say something SOOOOOO bad to these two cunts on Twitter eh..
And I was like yeah bitch And Im definitely top 3 at makin beats in the city but yall niggers love your trap beats so yall probably wont admit that And Im out bout 50 ..
These hoes be pimping me man And Im steady tellin dis bitch gtfo my face And Ive had enough.
Unfollowing dat ass bitch And a hoe gon be a hoe regardless And bitch I aint bout to debate with Ya funky ass either.
Whoever running back telling tunchi wtf Im doing thats not my nigga dog niggas nd bitches And da hoes!!
I kno u hear vodka n the background And dis nicca still rapping And dis shit is for the birds 2 And dont come to my mf house honking ur damn horn.
Get tf out the car ring my bell bitch.
And even if the sky come fallin, bitch ima still be high.
Nowhere in there did I said fuck, suck, and trap.
And i aint neva gave a fucc about a bitch boy !
And i didnt wanna come off as a bitch, so I took another hit, now I think Im feeling to high And if u aint a ho, GET UP OUT MY TRAP HOUUUSE!
And if yu ever need a shoulder to cry on I wont be there cus Im on my fuck that bitch shit And ima dream about 4 fat bitches stuck in a mini van on a hot summer day And its always the black bitches thats constantly late AF for no reason.
Couldnt refuse the ladies in free til 12 1 shots And just like me that bitch loaded.
And little bitch ass And mad hoes you can ask Beavis I get nothing butthead And my bitch gon blast and she got the ass like...
And my mom was really getting me a car smh hoe f u for dat And niccas are 38 HOT if they paid 20 bucks for that PayPerView......
And now lookin ass niggas and lookin ass bitches will be the terms of 2014.
Will be overused abused in every fucking way And rememberalways be the person youre born to be.
And since im gino marley my bitch just flew from Japan And someone from my class is literally sitting across from me on the bus so I cant even call dad and bitch And the Jew favorited my tweet though.
And them niggas pussies...cameltoes And these hoes aint as good as they look..I need to take my own advice doee cause If that pusxy good then Im good And vice versa 910 he has hoes And weres bitch boy ?
And when I say DOH DOH DOH DOH bitch that be Kdot And when bitches be like me and him against the world!
bitch dont nobody even know yall together nobody hating.
And you a bitch..
Even when you say you love me, you a bitch.
I pray you crash like Caroline into a ditch.
And you adopted bitch?
I dont give a fuck what kind of Mental illness they claimin imma kill ya And you kno we the opposite of down bitch we up And youre a bitch youre a little fucking worm you know that, Angel stop rting that fugly bitch Ankles Hood bitches with long weave is the worst thing ever weave that be touching their ashy ankles Annie..
You crazy hoe Annnnd youre a dyke.
Another bad bitch fuck her for a hour another cigarette another nut another shower Another high point was a Hungarian calling me cheat fuck and cheat pussy for doing well.
Another long mornin smh...Thank God a nicca out here to see it tho real shit Another nigga hoe is another nigga problem.
Girl these hoes aint got nothing on ya Any bitch who show up Friday looking like the bitch from the ring Im punching straight in the face.
Yall gotta grow up with that you got hoes shit..
Any man even considering plastic surgery is gay gay gay imagine ya boy say Id get more hoes then u after I get these new lips Any nicca gettin it n da ass is a fag!
Any person that puts anybody elses business out there for whatever reason is a bitch.
Any pregnant bitches at centreville I should know about in about to move there next ...
I dont go to cville Any pussy I had I can get again!
Any where the at is where the pussy go...
Anyone want to share their thoughts on their mock draft??
SHUT YOUR FILTHY DAMNED MOUTH, YOU CLODS.
Anyone who came to the US as an indentured servant is white trash.
Anytime somebody say u wan hear a funny that shit gon be trash..
Apaches 30 MM rounds turn Jihadis into tomato soup Apologizing in advance for my actions, Im thee biggest bitch when Im studying Apparently not wanting to trade your Nitro M4 in CSGO makes you a collossal faggot.
Apparently, saying something nice to someone these days means youre trying to stick them with your poker.
Get over yourselves bitches.
Apple sauce, bitch.
Are pet guinea pig is about to die this fucking blows Are you nigguhs saying you want Donald trump as prez?
That nigguh dont understand real american struggles Are you single but your pussy is in a relationship?
Not to break up get back together thats retarded in my eyes Arguing over a bitch with a glued on butt Arod like ugly bitches that like to fuck Arturo keeps calling me ghetto As I tweeted before any man telling me to go to the kitchen this season could tell his mom that, father probably wouldnt of left..bitch As a girlfriend Im NEVER getting close to my boyfriend friends , cause they can be telling me one thing , and telling these hoes another.
As a girlfriend, you gotta accept the fact hoes gone be all up in his face.
But as a boyfriend, he better let them hoes know wassup.
I feel like you a bitch if you living off a female .
Havin her buy all yo shit fucc that never be dependent on someone As always Eli has the stupid hick hayseed look on his face Giants fans kill yaselves its gonna be a As good as Percy Harvin and Peyton on the same team sound Thats so retarded lmao As if it WASNT gon get Bacc to me bitch your outta your fuccing mind As long as you gon feed me pussy when I get the munchies As of today im cutting muthafuckas off bitchesniggas that never show love or just temporary people iont need um As soon as a bitch think shit sweet....
As soon as bitches get on a come up you got that one bitch that CANT Wait to tell ppl your downfall before the come up .
As soon as we left Iraq all these towel heads think they can fucking barge in and take over what we worked so hard to set up.
Pisses me off.
Asha had a little voice in my head telling me to fuck with these hoes.
Wasnt kendra Asha my bitch doe Ask a bitch in 2014 if she would rather have JESUS than silver gold I bet u she tell a lie.
Ask around n the streets bitch bout Jay Ask tht bitch when she gon let a yung nigga blast tht ass Ask your bitch about me she turns into dori.
Good luck Nh nh Im 60, 150.
One of you bitches better reproduce with me.
At Dunkin donuts and every time somebody walked in I either yelled ratchet or hoe and so me and my brother got kicked out At least ima a faithful bitch At the MLK march tryna find a man bitch we see U At the Mexican laundry mat and its PACKED denna hoe At the bar in downey wit my uncle, this niggah faded hopefully he doesnt get us into a fight lmao At the doctors with sam shes such a pussy the had to put a cotton swab in her nose and she just about started to cry At the end of the day seniors still love that young fresh pussy from west case closed Attention one and all.
Someone get this jiggaboo some water.
Auburnnn hoe Audio Happy Valentines Day bitches.
August alsina ghetto Austin is a funny niggah Autocorrect makes my hows life change to hoes life.
What the duck.
Aw man, that bitch she go hard..
Put it on me Im like Oh Lord...
No panties, baby, no bra !
Thats too dam bad, shoulda been going the fucking speed limit bitch Awk...
U dont like your own nephew cousins bc our race..
LMAO broke ugly bitches fuck them we dont need them A That aint my hoe.
A they no Kaep aint rape no bitch!!!!
Im finna go buy yo bitch some ice cream .
Lol Ay fuck wieners, remember to eat before you drink and remember to drink water while youre drinking and also to go eat shit you pussy head.
That bitch on Flame!!!
Aye its a lot of niggas out here that cant fuck a bad bitch unless they get her drunk smh Aye my NIGHA ...
Gone let ya bitch fuck wit my team donjuuuan Aye the part be treating the bitches too good Aye we all needa keep are heads up high who cares if we lost we all went and tried our best south is a bunch of trash talking pussys !
Aye, Mcdonaldss got a fire ass frozen strawberry lemonade..
This bitch so wet Ayee hoe Ayo twat boy I gotta new phone give me yo jack now Ayo why da hell aint nobody hip me to these niccas!
unblock me so i ca tell you how garbage yo bitch ass playing....
Ayy Carlton is a ghetto school now Ayy yo my nigga be all up on da,pussy not lettin dat muafucka breathe.
BC yall hoes BF I think we need some pet insurance.
BF Because Im destroying your pussy everyday.
BITCH!!!
Stop thinking ur entitled to politically correct responses...bitch BREATHE!
Killin you hoes BROS BEFORE HOS!
BRUH lmaoo Them hoes was nasty but I kept eating them What the fuck happened to these?
Them ugly hoes say a nigga arrogant...
Baby I can make that pussy raaain OFTEN.
Baby I can make that pussy rain, often Baby I can make that pussy rain...
Often Baby girl your pussy looking so vacant....
Baby moanin , got me zonenn I want this bitch next me , pussy like ecstasy .
Baby pussy cant be your only hustle.
Unless u bad as Naomi Russell.I mean a lot of ppl got money.So basically Russell aint the only Russell Babydaddy needing bail money say thats wat she gone do talk a whole alotta shit but swear that bitch gone come through Back me and used to have to stiffarm bitches that kept tryna steal our fitteds Back in America, and Ive become a basic bitch again.
Back in this bitch again....
Backdoor is open them hoes will let you fuck em in the ass.
Bad Asian bitch yea she look just like Kemora Bad bitch contest you in first place Bad bitch give good head, dumb bitch get hood rich Bad bitch good head I think she ah keeper !
Besides pussy what could you offer me?!
Bad bitches every where Bad bitches from Oakland, she could beeee a model Bad bitches hate broke niggaz.
Bad bitches in dirty ass houses Bad bitches in the pen make my toes curl Bad bitches is the only thing I like Bad bitches is the only thing that I like Bad bitches is the only thing that I like!!!!!!
this Saturday Bad bitches is the only thing that i like Bad bitches is the only thing that like Bad bitches only Bad bitches only ...
Bad blood in the camp if its bout a bitch just know I dont respect it homie Bad chicks send em in..
Basic hoes toss em out, cant even get Waffle House..
Hating niggas chalk em out gone get the coffin out Bad foreign bitch she a walkin Ferrari Bad lil bitch aint never seen her Bad lil short fine bitch lil petite sumn Bae gotta bitch whoops Bae juss the new side bitch lingo u aint special hoe Bae made me deep fried Oreos Bahaha omg this bitch is crazyyy .
Bald head bitches think its their time to prosper !
No bitch bench is life Bands will make her dance , stamps will make her twerk , If Romney becomes president , these hoes will have to work.
Bang, bitch, you think Im strange, bitch?
Its bananas like a fucking rangatang bitch
Basic bitch no chill Basic bitches lame niggas Basic bitches everywhere Basic niggah in his basic clothing Basically saying that the pound doesnt belong to us and its English...
Greedy cunts Basically, so...just do you.
shrugs So if youre worried about being a ho or looking like one, good luck.
Bc I got too many bitches Be a dog to these bitches bt be a KING TO YA QUEEN Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude and a lady with class.
Be mean or rude to my little sister again and Ill kick your ass.
It applies to all of you little snooty bitches.
Be my backbone every nicca need a spine Be trippin when I call you hoe but bitch you know I talk like Dat!
voice Bears game today bitches!
Not to mention, lean and bud before the train ride lol Beat the pussy down like my nemesis Beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago Beat ya bitch pussy up every time I see her like a bully ..
Then send her outta town wit 4 cookies Because I had to accept being called a bitch every time I asserted myself.
Because Id rather wear my hair long and have piercings, Im a faggot that will never go anywhere in life.
Because a nigguh but dont mean youre pussy is bomb Because at your local insurance agency, the customer is ALWAYS our bitch.
Because idk if your still tryna get with her again or not?...
bitch i might be Because of the message that sends to LGBTQ residents in the state.
Beefin ova bitches trade ya clip for Pom Poms Been a trill nicca since a Lil nicca Been a while since its just been me solo at the crib, feeling kinda lonely like a hoe Been hooping all day tired than bitch Been schooling these bitches since 92 Been sleeping toooooo much, fuck it ima enjoy it before i start working 2 jobs like a hoe haha Been told by a lot of people that Im cool then a hoe, and that they dont understand why someone wouldnt like me Beer ball isnt for pussies Before I let a pussy cut my hair I just will let it grow Before the madness with my single bitches.
Behind every independent woman, is a pack of hating hoes Being a girl sucks.
We have to deal with periods making us a bitch, shaving our legs on a daily basis, and worrying about what we eat.
bitch im living Being single and not texting no bitches late night almost wacker than coming home after the club drunk and fuckin your girlfriend Believe in the heart of the cards bitch.
Believe it or not hoes get boring after awhile Ben will gett ya some pussy..
Benzino is a bitch point blank period Besides my sisters, this is one of two bitches you will always catch me with.
she know ha pussy WACK Betta ask round these streets bitch bout Jay Better keep ya shit n line nicca ...
Better nip that shit in the bud early.
Better play your part bitch dont be a smart bitch cuz I might have a change of heart Between the constant tweegrams and the bad bitches playing themselves out for attention and the stupid caption pics instagram lost me.
Between this trend and the vines acting like women its like niggas couldnt wait to be faggots Beyonc more of a hipster bitch wit no hips these days Big GDay so to nicca lol!!!!!
Big bitches be like Im Thick yea bitch atound the midsection Big black bitches out here arguing Big boobs no ass No ass big boobs Big boobs and big ass ugly face Big boobs , big ass , pretty face hoe.
Big bro moose trying slide into these hoes DMs Big greenmile tweetin ass nicca Big hair bitches Big moe rn like a hoe haha yuhhhh Big ol pussy Harrington blocked me again Big thick pretty bitch Biggest booth I ever seen lastnight bitch had a leopard print jumper on look like an over weight leopard Biggie was and always will be the flyest cunt in rap.
Bij vraag wat is d naam van de engels des doods,dacht eerst Robert.IkIsrael..uhm iets met Gargamel,hoe heet die kat ook al weer..oja Azrael Biker gang looking ass bitches with titty tats.
Bill Cosby stealing pussy Bill Romanowski is still a cunt.
bitch pick one.
Fucking hate you.
I know you proud but shit.
Birthday today bitches and I gotta work Bitch I want my number back yo pussy mustard...
oh yeah FUCK DAT BITCH TRUST ME!
Bitch Im not about to eat ya pussy all day long..
Bitch Im the man thats right I said it, bitch Im the man dont you forget it.
Bitch aint u his lawyer y u thank ery body STFU kill dat bitch to Bitch and who the fuck r u am speak when the fuck I feel like it and stop a pussy ass Nigga and box the fuck up Bitch ass nigga, be hating on black women...
Uncle Tom bitch punk.
Bitch ass people are the first to call someone out for being a bitch Bitch bitch bitch Bitch dont talk yo shit then, say you on papers when a bitch trinna get down you a straight FAG BITCH foe dat.
Scary ass hoe.
Bitch duck on whore ass slut cunt ha Biden its Gucci.
Nigea Bitch fuck yo nigga, whats up with that pussy!!?!
Bitch fuk wat a hater gotta say .......brickk ent ya bitch Bitch had a redbook account with all selfies on the add like bitch no tricks wanna see yo face Bitch i wouldnt eat yah pussy wit another nigga tongue Bitch just sucked my dick and tried to give me sugar bitch get out Bitch killa gone be dacing in that bitch cdfu Bitch nicca talmbout a mf 3peat....Df yall aint da Lakers Bitch shutcho got damn mouf hoe Mallett aint gon help yo funky ass texans Bitch you frooooontin, bitch you frooooontin.
Lol Bitch youre the ugliest cunt ever.
Bitch, you may have a million dollar body, but you got a dollar menu face and a fourpiece nugget pussy, so you aint worth shit.
Bitches ah have a baby be like dont claim my child bitch you good goddamn well aint NOBODY claiming your creature Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks Bitches always like you got hoes..
I be like duhh Im tryna make you one of em nbs Bitches always think somebody want them or they little coochie lol chilling dont exist nomore ?
Iont want yall hoes Bitches be 17 in the 9th grade talking about where my bae at ?
No bitch , where ya credits at?
Bitches be happy about burger king pollo tropical on lunch break at work but act like dinner with new niggaz gotta be upscale.
Bitches be having a nigga but want to be another nigga WCW bitch it dont work like that Bitches be in they feelings to much like live bitch Bitches be like Keep Calm Im Single...........
first of all bitch, nobody was hype Bitches be like New Avi and Im just like bitch, your new avi is UGLY, your old avi was UGLY, bitch YOU ugly.
Bitches be like I want something real ...
And I be like I want a bitch with real hair but we cant always get what we want now can we lol Bitches be like im nt beefing over a niggah smh Bitches be like niggas aint shit ...
Naw bitch maybe you just aint shit Bitches be mad they mane nigga gettin snatched up by all these whore yah pussy prolli wack ctfu Bitches be screaming fuck they nigga, but get mad when another bitch fuck they nigga Bitches be sounding damnear retarded on tbh videos nbs Bitches be tambout my party.....
no bitch, its everybody party....
Bitches be trying to squash all beef wen they find out they pregnant!
Some hoes dont give a fuck!
Bitches be watching me from other bitches pages THATS RIGHT BITCH , TEAM WORK Bitches be wearing extensions, fake eye lashes and make up talkin bout they bad bitches.
No bitch you are not bad youre a created player Bitches bitches bitches Bitches cant fuck with my bitches they deadly Bitches cheat on they bitch...
But be SOOOOOO HUwhen they bitch cheat back.
Bitches complain about they baby daddies not being shit, but bitch you KNEW he wasnt shit you didnt HAVE to keep that baby you CHOSE to Bitches corny with that not saving numbers shit I hate them hoes Bitches dont even go out to have fun anymore they just go out to tweet about the function and to take pics wit other bitches Bitches dont wann fxck me no more bitches wanna fxck all my bitches Bitches get on twitter an turn to saints like they not hoes that shit kill a nigga Bitches know they bitches, bitch.
Bitches love beefing over a nigga thats always in other bitches faces.
Bitches make me happy.
Material objects make bitches happy Bitches on me bout da lil flexin shit on snapchat bitch please Bitches rather be petty with his hoes instead of posting bail now that ah really fck em up.....psa Bitches so stupid!!!
Yal cant know how Im bouta start popping bitches Bitches swear up and down they pussy the best, but aint.
Bitches talmbout they limber got these bitches In limbo Bitches think theyre slick but no matter how hard they try and hide it we can still tell if theyre hoes or not Bitches will be bitches Bitches will be bitches.
Bitches with kids are retarded Bitches with trash pussy always want unprotected sex Bitches, bitches, bitches.
Bite me bitch , chew on a 19 footer Bitzy probably popped a Percocet before she had these drinks with Mellie.
She seems like that kind of of trill ol bitch.
Blac Chynas ass shouldve threw him off first of all.
Its wop sided and those cheek piercing trashy as hell.
Black Dynamite!
All the hoes gone?!
My dick harder than slavery!
wallslides Black bitches be boisterous belligerent buffaloes!
Black bitches dont be kickin up in our school.
Bitches still comin wit durags still on they head nd shit.
Black cops want to kill white citizens.
Spic cops want to kill Anglo citizens.
Zigeuner cops are all rapists.
Black people like disgust me laughing at someone who died dumb monkey ass niggas like you need to be locked up just for stupidity Black twitter needs to get off Paul George dick about him impregnating a stripper.
Kanye turned a hoe into a housewife Blah blah Idgaf bout you crazy ass bitch Blah blah blah blah..
How it sound when these bitches talk Blah.
I just need some pussy.
but twitter said he was good Blocked his fuzzy butt .
Blonde bitch wit her blue eyes, like butter when she spread Blood this nigga Dion retarded Blow up the pussy like Hussein.
Bitch look at me crazy like whos sane?
Blunt to the head, fuck Feds, I eat pussy till my tongue red Boats n hoes boats n hoes gotta have me my boats n hoes!!!!!!!
Bobby bitch Bobby bitch dropping in five minutes though ....
Let that sink in Bobby bitchHot nigga Bobby bitch?
Dickhead TOP 3 BOBBY SHMURDA SONGS 1.
HOT NIGGA 2.
Bobby stole the black from Gabby.
Bomb your house, Then fuck your bitch.
All hail Al Qaeda Bond had the hoes and the money Bourne kicked ass no gadgets hawk always let a bitch die Boney ass bitch farting out mini basketballs Boosie ran this hoe Boozer so trash Bored then a hoe in the auditorium hmu!
Both of my bitches drive range rovers Both of them hoes losers and need to hit the gym Both trash but I guess they got tired of Chalmers trash starting How chalmers lose his job to Norris Cole?
Lmfaoooo Both yall pussy son beat it Bought that bitch mozzarella sticks.
Bitches love mozzarella sticks Bought these bitches breakfast and now getting kissed on my cheeks non stop...lol.
Check out is literally in 5 mins tho Bout tht time where the hoes are gettin dicked down Bout to bust this bitch wide open.
Bout to dub dis bitch Bout to get a breasts reduction these bitches be in the way Bout to put me some hoes on backpage ..
Try my pimp hand out!
Bout to smoke a 3.5 n dis bitch ..
Bout to unfollow all the bitches I follow currently and follow all new bitches.
I need change in my life and I feel like thats a good start Bouta Rasengan all these stupid bitches Bow down bitches, bow down bitchess Bowling Greens campus looks old as fuck.
Like state penitentiary old.
But they do have a lot of bitches so I guess that counts for a lot Boy Yo bitch a lame , Dont Nobody Know Her but you Boy Yung thug is a fag Boy a bitch STILL aint got the proper amount of sleep Boy damn jitt got his ass bitch slapped in da court yard comin to 6th period i was yelln n shit Boy these downlow niccas should be ashamed Boy you gotta turn that Nikki song all the way down on the volume kuz its trash ...
But that the ass fat lawd Boy!
Some hoes be setting themselves up for failure shit be so funny!!
Im sleep tho Boyfriends and brothers will drop off and pick up bitches from their fast food job as long as their promised a free meal.
Boys dont wanna seem like bitch thats why they dont express feelings like us females do Boys want bad bitches , and dummies.
Boyyyyy if I had a bitch who pussy taste lil mamas spaghetti....
THAT WOULD B 1 HAPPY BITCH!!!
Brackin in da bity boolin wit sum bitches straight bleedin Brad Pitt is older than Charlie Sheen.
What the fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk.
Brady heard yall say he was washed, now he washing the league on you hoe ass niggas.
Brag bout your hoes, you prolly get 0 to no pussy.
Brag to you about the hoes he hittin and when you ask for a pic he show you some sorry ass female..
Break shit fuck the law....grrrr...fuck that shit...punch that bitch!
Breaking News ur a little bitch Breaking yo bitch like a KitKat nigga Breakup Anthem We threw shidd lemme just fall back pick up my side hoes cuz i stayed in contact Breezy gotta sleep this hoe Briahna told me the best advice I ever gave her was that it aint nothing to cut dat bitch off lmao.
duh bitch.
Bring a niggah some icecream Bring another bitch for a real nigga.
Britt attitude be for no reason , bitch mad at breakfast Bro Im bored then a hoe rt Bro everybody is a ho then, fuck it, your favorite Color is mango red you are a ho, you charge your phone all the way to 100 Ho, smh Bro what in the fuck yall bitches thinking ...
That is not ok Bros before hoes, not bros over your girlfriend Bros before hoes, not bros over your girlfriend...
Broke bitches be like oh he Got MONNNEYYY Broke bitches make me sick Broke bitches on my tl...
Broke bitches that talk shit those the ones that I stunt for Broke bitches that talk shit, now them the bitches I stunt for Broke hoes always wanna argue u aint ate all day were u get that energy from Broke pussy boy Deions record.
Broner would still knock half u niccas out Brooo Chinese sounds goooood then a hoe rn but my momma making carne con chile so I guess Im gucci with that Brooooooo that wingstop went sooooo clutch, I straight ran through that hoe!!
Engvolk Bruh Im ready to get this four wheeler that bitch is fast asf Bruh He def wanted to call L Rock a nigger in that last LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Bruh bitches be wearing heels and club outfits to school and shit Bruh leave it to the coins coons Bruh this niggah always falls asleep !
Bruh went so hard on that bitch he deserves pimp of the year Bruh.
Sasuke and Sakuras daughter gonna be a bad Uchiha bitch Bruh.
2 jaxon1114 killed this hoe too last night while we was sleep.
Bruhhhh hoes ass laws had to fuck up the fun Bruised ankle is a bitch Brutus looking girl getting off the elevator as Im walking into a different one...
No bitch u cant come in, u cant u cant come in.
Bryant must think hes so cute going out w his stupid ass friends and leaving me here but watch when he gets back lil bitch Bsd bitch make it clap Bt bitches niggahs always had there hand out Bt dubz, ur best pals bitch about u to me quite often...
Buddy a fruit Brandon said you a dirty ass coon Buddy drug the whole train lmao good ...
extra ass hoes Buddy slapped his rent stress out on that messy bitch.
What I done told u hoes bout New York niggas they temper?
Build a bear build a bitch Bull color schemes?
DULL, you stupid bitch.
Bullets stick to a nigguh damn liver Bullets through a nigguh tru jeans Bullying laws are for pussies.
Bum ass hoe Bum bitch wont even my type Bumoose ducking those insults like a scared white pussy Bumped into a bitch that filed for sexual harassment at work against a coworker...I aint been so shook in my life Bumpin that nigga nigga Rick Ross B.M.F this hoe going harrrrd highh outside enjoying this weather Bunch of hurt niggas bitches on my IG timeline tonight..
Muhfuckas lame as hell b Burn bitch Bussin bitches with my Gwale Gwalas Bussy Is that avi pussy poppin on a handstand??
Bust a nicca head,smack a ho,shoot the club up!
Bust a nicca head,smack a hoe and shoot the club up!
Bust in dat bitch face I dont want sons!
Busted my lip playing ball so now I cant enjoy pussy and this delicious MANGO But Carl is a bitch But I cant buy tomorrow.
But I cant get her to smoke unless I bitch about it.
But I have the hoes But Im calling this bitch yeah ok after you called me I return calls especially if it aint my girl But atleast they let me know...ur a faggot if u keep those type of twitter secrets But bitch you gon shave or wax that pussy before I bless it, Foh.
But bitches are crazy, Id be in jail for sure But bitches be mad than a Mf when they dont know what Im doing how I getting it But if you knew , bitch youll do better But no one calls him a pussy for his injuries But not prettier than Ambers.
Her pussy is pretty But she a bad bad bitch make you late for it.
But she can shade the shit out a bitch But she is a hoe.?
idk about that But staying up gon be a bitch.
But they only talk on twitter bc pussies in real life But this emotional shit is absolutely for the birds.....
But who is me to TALK about the next bitch flexing when I done don it before But why did this bitch just follow me...dont even like u But why does my school always have prom on Friday the 13th like this isnt some Freddy Vs Jason shit Even tho some bitches gonna look it But yall niggas wanna call these women hoes when they leave you for a nigga that appreciates her.
Fuck you lil niggas.
But you bird ass niggas out here getting your feathers ruffled just shook.
But you cant tell a broke bitch nothin But you love me, you dont wanna be with nobody else, blah blah..
Bullshit fa the birds..
Nvm I dont see why men disrespect women by calling them offensive names like bitch, hoe, slut, or female.
Smh Butler Unchained Review Short version, whitey sucks and a potentially positive film is simply antiwhite agitprop.
Butters get all the hoes Bye bitch.
Bytch was an infant...
How the hell this bitch 18 talking bout how much she remember bout Pac before he died!?!
CEBROS and corporate hoes CLEARY diz princess iz a bad bitch.
CNT nobody be mad at who he choose to be with I cant be mad at no bitch its the nigga so hay COME TO TND!!!!
Atrocities starts at 7, followed by Lost Cause, Auramea, Night Verses, and NORMA JEAN!
Lets fill this bitch.
Caleb needs to stop being a little bitch.
Calebs a dick and Hannas a bitch I hate them both now California is home to skater trash.
Call a hoe a hoe, and a rat a rat Call a negro Call dat bitch...
Call me a dumb bitch but ion even know wtf Ebola is Call me a fag but I love when people turn their heads or look out of their cars when I drive by cause they head me slumpin.
Bitches love it Call me ghetto if you want but Im walking to and from class with my bonnet on my hair.
Call of duty out this bitch Call when you grow up.
old bitch Called Eddie a hoe....
Lol Calling it am early night heartache is a bitch Calling these nasty hoes out!
Wells is too real Cam Newton is Such a little girl like grow up and quit actin like a bitch Cam Newton is such a pussy he needs to grow up and learn he isnt a hotshot any more Came home and found my cat sleeping on my pillow c I love that niggah.
Catch me at school huntin for basic bitches Can of imagine this world was created to trap them and feed them to like gazelles?
Can Dick Sherman get caught doing blow of a tranny hooker some time soon please?
Preferably Pete Carroll Can I bring another bitch can we have a threesome or nahhh Can I bring another bitch or nah Can I bring another bitch or nah?
Can I get some good neck out dis hoe?
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws?
Can I have a bad bitch without no flawwssss Can I pay you to stop being a Lil bitch?
Gah damn shut the fuck up!
Can I sit on your face Sit on a hot stove bitch Can i bring another bitch or nah Can my school please fuckin remove these random ass trash cans in the middle of the hallway that I always fuckin run into Can never follow bitches whos bios look like this Can really hold phone convos in my house with this trash ass service Can someone beat Justin beibers ass?
Hes such little pussy.
Im broke bitch over here.
Can these birds shut the fuck up Can this bitch already update Can this bitch hurry up...
Can this bitch sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up Can u say hoe hoe hoe?
Can you catch a box hoe Can you catch a box hoe ?
Can you imagine Tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm slutin and still comin up unsuccessful Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nahhh Can you really take dick or nah?
Can I bring another bitch or nah?
Cant wait to humble these niggas in the playoffs again.
Until then, good job hoes Cant be a major nigga with a minor hoe Cant even sleep in the fucking car because this mother fucker drives like a retard and pumps the breaks too hard Cant fuck wit no bitch ugly friends, Cant fuck with a coon ass girl bruh Cant fuck with no bitches.
Cant get no money from me you silly hoe Cant get no pussy to Kirk Franklin idc how long its been for ya Cant have a bitch with no future or goals.
I love kids but if youre not a parent first I cant deal with you Cant keep a bitch but its cool cause money still around Cant keep a shallow bitch if ya pockets aint deep.
Cant let nobody play my gta, bitches like using up all ya ammo n gettin ya dude kilt by the cops Cant neva be a sucka for no bitch..
That aint me Cant no hoe Cant save these hoes Cant stand a bitch that always feels the need to be doing somethin.
Sit your ass at home and be bored you aint gotta be a hoe all the time Cant stand a nigga that curve his boys for some hoes Cant stand a sob ass bitch Cant stand bitch ass niggas.
Cant stand ghetto ratchet ass mofos Cant stand that asian dude just now, faggot gives me attitude cause I almost forgot my water, fuck u faggot if I wasnt on stage Cant stand that faggot.
Cant stand when I see a female just get out of relationship 2 days later their talking to another guy , hoes gonna be hoes smh Cant take u coons nowhere I mean nowhere Cant tell me shit, cuz ion care bitch.
Cant trust every face, bitch you gotta watch em Cant trust these bitches.
And these niggas either.
Cant trust these hoes...
And when I say hoes I mean dudes to Cant turn a hoe into a house wife, Cant wait till my bitches get here Cant wait to put this down payment on my bitch Cant wait to see my bitch dutchess Cant worry bout a bitch that aint worried bout me Cancel that bitch like NINOOO Cancel that hoe!
It aint nothing to cut that b!tch off!
Cant handle this bitch and her elbow fat Cant play No games wit deze niggas or bitches Cant wait!
All niggas wanna do at 45 is pop Viagra and pop young bitches Cants da coloreds and da white folk gets along?
We all be da same cept da colored men gots da bigga dicks Carl try eat the pussy but that big ass nose be fucking shit up Carol is gonna George and Lenny this bitch.
Carrahs a bitch...
Carter needs to shut the fuck up, fucking bitch ass always trying to start shit Catch me fuckin off tonight ...
in that bitch as well...
Catch me on the episode of Vampire Diaries tomorrow night.
I bitch slap Catch this jet hoe Catch up with the Lingo itty bitty bitch Cause Im a trophy hunting little bitch Cause Im the type of NIGHHA to joke on you or to play around so dont be a little bitch Cause LSU trash Why they doin the College Playoff ranking shit so early?
Cause bitch.
I rather eat pussy then get mine ate.
Yall hoes play entirely too much.
Cay got her whole lit new clicc from her school be on that bitch shit too me like ?
Okay but anyways WE still DEM GIRLZ Cay said well bitch I THOT you was on house arrest so you aint walking NO WHERE!
OMG I hate her Ceasefire?Lets see how long those towel heads can go without trying to attack Israel then cry to national media when they get popped again Celebratin while you hatin bitch.
Celebrities teeth really be white as shit.
I mean dont get me wrong my shit aint yellow by far but I need whatever toothpaste they be using Celtic means white trash.
If someone says theyre Celtic, it means theyre white trash.
Chad Jordan in this bitch.
Change the game on u bitches Charlene crave colored cock Charles was eatin trash ass Dominoes in that pic...you know he was still poor at the time lol Charlie horses suck ass Charlie is an ol hatin fool!
Charlie not fukin around in Austin..
Every week somebody getting kicked off the team.
Chase really got hoes in every state its crazy his name the truth Chase the pussy, its a sin.
Chasing these hoes, better get cash nigga Cheated my way to get?
Hahaha this bitch funny if youre so worried about me then stop subtweeting me dumb ass Cheater cheater pumpkin eater whered you find that no good white trash hoe.
Cheating isnt about good women and hoes..
Simply about an alternate nut..
Niggas cheat on good women everyday, B.
Check his hoe for I check her Check your slutty fat girl friends instagram pics.See if she dont have five niggaz in every pic thirsting for fat girl pussy.
Cheese bitch chupacabra looking fuxk Chicago hoes love pink lipstick Chicago niggas tell bitches anything when they tryna do dat mfa..!!
Chick fil a wasnt about anti gay.
If you didnt get that then you have no right to bitch about rights.
Chick got a man but no edges.
Niggas got hoes but no diploma .
Damn Chicks be mad at me for tweetin about hoes like Im talkin about a specific someone lol sorry ladies if the shoe fits then wear it Chicks love these ugly hipster faggots.
Prolly cause they look like the dad that was never in their life.
Chiefs fans are the only ones that claim my takes are wrong about Dogshit trash Quarterback Alex Smith.
For a Day, just to see you negroes panic.
gotcha bitch Chill bitch we aint in love Chill with the thirst bitch my chicks right next to me!
Chill, Im not a coon Sick of you fake bougie ass coons lol Chillin in the hood with my retarded ass homegirl.
Chillin wit my bitch who never hesitates tonight.
Chillin with my main hoe Becky Choate Chokes On Twinkies All the damn time I bet.
Extendo long as an extension cord bitch I ball like Jordan and I play full court Chris Bosh bout to disgrace the trophy like a real faggot smh Chris Brown get bitches bruh lmao Chris a faggot Chris bosh made danny green his bitch last night Chuck E Cheese isnt the same as when I was a kid.
Chuck a skinny bitch they took away the ball pit.
Man wtf Cigarette break nd wtf are Mt eyes glowing like Charlie Murphy in the madd real world lol Citi field bitches Claim to be a boss but you a lil broke bitch Clan of retards...
Classy rich family kids doing drugs and tryina be all ghetto and shit,while actual ghetto poor kids looking for education to get outta there CleanUp bitch i just got off the phone with em!
Close your eyes and let the world paint a thousand pictures, one good girl is worth a thousand bitches...
Cloud stay stealing peoples phrases first she takes jens by saying friend then she takes mine by saying my nigg get your own my nig dam Clown ass nigguh Clowney is a bitch nigga get his ass off my team Cnt trust or wont spare a bitch ogd , Cock slappin bitches since 95 Cocky bitches with front teeth that stick out from suckin they thumb Cocoa puffs time bitch!!!!
Code of slience pussy!
HM nigga free my nigga ceddy.
Dre n my nigga franc lukis n my nigga j mo Coke and white bitches.
Sanders, Part 2 ...and those sons of bitches they dragged it out and extended it and watered it down that Im so goddamn mad!
Comcast stop being twat and actually work thanks Come back hoe Come for the brothas and other MOC about culture differences like...
bitch plz Come get this catfish pussy Come her lil bitch I want that sloppy toppy Come on Tank, break dem hoes backs!
Come on nd get that chicken niggers love dat chicken from popeyes Come out her pussy and go in her ass come out her ass and go in her mouth Come thru Keyshia you queen of THOTs bitch!!
Comin from a fat bitch Commentators bitch at Bird for sliding but 2 Port guys do it to Buddy and its Buddys fault!?
Completely off topic, idgaf about that pretty hoe tho Confident in one way, pussy in another.
So strange Congrats on being a cunt, and doing your make up worse than a 12 year old.
Ugly bitch Congratulations, your just like every other stuck up materialistic American bitch.
Control yo hoes..
Bet your boyfriend couldnt do that bitch Cooking breakfast in the nude is wifey status?
Fuck no.
I have actually cooked before I aint about to get no grease burns on my nips!
Coons these hoes love putting spaghetti and salad on the same fucking plate....smh Corey is trash Correction He better bring ONE classy bitch home because momma aint going to be dealing with random hoes in the house !
Cost 250 I aint buying no pussy I got too many followers for that u in Vegas.
Dont miss opportunities Coulda been fckd yo bitch Couldnt care less about any bitch Couldnt pull my nigga in ya wettest dreams hoe Counting money while my bitches sleep.
Country music and rap music both talk about the same basic shit repetitively.
Carstrucks, bitcheswomen, beerdrugs.
Guns lol Cousins looking for bitches I hope THE FUCK IS THIS?
Crystal got all the hoes.
Cuffin these hoes man thats where you went bad at.
Why be in a relationship, if you not letting your hoes go?
Cuh, this is our SCRUM Were finna smash some bitches Cunts, cunts everywhere.
Curly girls is where its at and you bitches need to get with it Current emotionBroke ass bitch Currently listening to The Imperial March
Traditionally only played when preparing to slash bitches.
Currently sitting down wishing a bitch would.
Currently, Sup twat licker Curse AVI for Coke because hes a fag and hasnt put it on yet Cus you gt d hoes Cussed out by a fat redneck on the last day YOLO Customer Service?
I really need this bitch to get the fxck out my business.
Customers be tryna act like you dont understand what theyre saying, no bitch, YOU dont understand what IM saying.
Cut deses bitches off like Hibachi Cut that bitch off !!
Cut them niggas off they aint yo friends , Cut them bitches off they just pretend Cut these hoes off right now I really need to , ion really know girl but I believe in u Cute Japanese teen gets her tiight pussy fucked while suckingcock Cute ass niggah.
Cute buff guy walked in and then he opened his mouth and he was a flipping retard Cute teen gets her pussy flooded withcum Cutler less skill at QB than a retarded quadriplegic Cuz its 187 how im killin these hoes Cuz pussys only pussy man i get it when i need it Cuz they dont wanna b saved Why is saving hoes bad?
Cuz u a hoe Cuz you a hoe fair exchange yall have sex with a dude then he buy you a bag or pay your rent, whats that?
DCC bitches knocked out on the grass DIVERSITY Chcgo Blck Pstr Flooded w Dth Threats Ovr Endorsement Of GOP Candidate U Sellout Uncle Tom Ass Ngger DMV nigguh dress funny as hell DO IT DO IT!
Youll still e a fag but do it Ill pass Heidi.
Da bitch mouf was smellin like da porta potties at da mustang field Da fuq ho Da house next door to me been sold to honkies Daaamn lmao right back to them old ways Look at this hoe ass nigga covering Wiz face you hoe Dab r us nigguh Dad just yelled out in bout to fry some chicken like a nigger Dad Why are your eyes so red?
Dad Dont lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot.
Daiya Nagore gets her pussy fucked and sucks cock forpleasure.
Dam i just gotta hope that niggah dont snitch Dam this niggah trippin off ecstasy Damn Its kinda trash man How many of you actually have had a threesome.
Honestly Damn his nigger music waking up the whole school in the morning ..
Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue and shit Damn I hate a bitch who like to argue and shit Damn I use to be a big fan of Ronda, but so far shes been a big cunt Damn Im in da mood to eat sum pussy who got it fresh on a platter for me teamfluffnevabluff Damn Kaepernick is trash man Damn Karlie Redd, now all these hoes done seen your man junk Damn bird nearly gave me a heart attack...!
Bitch Oh..??
Damn bitch gotta bootay Damn bitch thnx Damn bitch you nosey please dont touch my phone please Damn bro im hungry then a hoe rt and aint got shit to eat at the crib fuckkkk Damn change change niccas Damn girl Ill be your porch monkey Damn hoe..
Damn lol Take a picture, it last longer than staring like a weird ass bitch.
Damn rednecks outside shooting guns keep waking my kids up.
No sleep for us tonight.
Damn some Oreos would be so fucking clutch right now!!!
Damn that bitch dumb Damn the bad thing about having side hoes is you cant get mad when they dont hit you up all day Damn they act like Bron tore his ACL!
Toughen up bitch!
Lol Damn this bitch crazy Damn this bitch nasty lol Damn who knew this whole time that I was the angry negro dude?
Damn you a hoe Damn, birds stay shitting on my car..
Damn..
lol CENSORED Redskins Bitch!!!!
Lets fucking go fuck the eagles we bout to burn that bitch down!!
HTTR Damn...payback is a bitch Dani Alves pulled off that hairstyle.
Neymar just looks like a faggot Danny Brown better put out more music before he ODs, that dude is out his fuckin bird Danny Chris and I should not be allowed out in public together Dark skinned girls with blonde hair need to stop it.
The only bitch that can rock that is Dijonay from The Proud Family.
Dat bitch a Thot Dat bitch gotta lay on her back to pee Dat bitch had noo cheeks!
Dat bitch mouth made da honor roll Dat bitch wild as shit lls Dat hoe smelt like she was on her period Dat nicca had Jordan cleats!
Dat nicca paper Fuwop n da booth Date a thug because you know they wont pussy out when it comes to defending you.
Dating you would be like Darnell dating that fatal attraction bitch Brandy lol Dats y I dont argue wit Dese bitches lol Dave Chappelle turned into a BEAST!
he WISHES someone would tell him Im Rick James bitch so he can whoop that ass!
David is bitch made David is my bitch Dawg ass hoes Dawg oriental flavored noodles go so fuckin hard b Lmfaoo!
Fuckin coon.
Smh Dawg, what the fuck happened to so and so where did they go?
Too worried bout bitches and fashion they go missing in action..
Day juan at the Jim, and Im in total bitch mode for hopefully a week.
Ty Dayum u gyp, u gone have mfs thinking im wiping my face wpissy diapers n shyt grrrrrr De Niros wife in Casino is the second biggest cunt of all time, first is still Georges mother in Blow Dead af, stupid bitches still talking shit Deandre Jordan banged dat bitch Dear Utah Polynesians Again, stop acting black and speaking ghetto.
Speak FOB, you aint no ghetto niggaz.
Dear Von Miller, Karmas a bitch.
Dear grumpy bitch at gibsons, no one wants to hear about your personal life.
Dear inconsiderate ghetto fuck on the train across from me ya know your phone has options other than speaker phone right?!?
Dear ugly hoes Stop playing hard to get, youre already hard to want.
Dear whores Dont tell me I cant dance when the only dancing you do is open your legs and shake your ass like a video ho to shitty rap.
Dedication 4 hoe Dee Gordon getting to he can fuck my bitch status with all these SBs DeeDee, Patrick, Ed, Sheen, Timmys Dad, Beavis Butthead, Peter Griffin.
This is just a list of SOME mentally retarded cartoon characters.
Deez fat hoes kill me.
Deez niggas pussy so fuck em deez niggas ass so buss em Deions a bitch Dekalb police are some hoes...
Delete now you bitch ass nigga If the Redskins beat us I will delete my fucking IG Delete this!
Lmao bruno mars and el debarge both cop blow from the same nicca....but dont mind me tho Dem hoes be peeping out my dougie Dem hoes more This nigga out here fucking retired widows New Race, fuck Black Woman Dem niccas run plays too quick Denzel did his mf thang in his new movie boy I swear OML he played the shit outta that bitch had me in the movies ready to be a killer Denzie boutta be takin erry body bitch now!
Des hoes silly gooses Des popcorn hoes be in da way all the time mannn Dese bitches actin like they loyal give dat hoe a Oscar Dese niggaz on Dat guala shit.......
Destinys Child song Say My Name is the insecure bitches anthem.
Detroit Lions, bitch Detroit nicca but Im good in the A!!
Did I just see a white bitch getting licked between her legs by a dog?
Nasty fuck!
Did Miguel just Hulkamania Leg Drop a bitch from the top rope???
Did he say the tastiest cuts or cunts??
Did he say wayne chung bitch ?
Did la mulatta just refer to herself as a darkie?
Did one of the biggest hoes around really just retweet that?
Did this bitch really just ask me do I have a badge to be in this building while going to my floor.
White people just dont change at all.
Did we just become best friends with these hoes on the boat?
Well probably so but we dont love em tho Did you all hear this redneck?
Someone should show him how niggas play.
Did you punk bitches take my salmon cream cheese?
Didnt know Alberta had Brampton bitches Die twice bitch Thank you.
youre the filthiest hoe of all time Diets arent for alcoholics.......a bitch be tipsy quick from eating veggies and shit Difference between niggers and niggas.
my OG Dino in rare form Mind your business hoe Annually Smh Webb hurt Dirty hoe Dirty pop on the counter bitch dirty in it Dis be one sexy bitch Dis bitch a wizard Snd me nudes like dis lol her couch floatin?
Wtf Dis bitch blowin me man fuck u Dis bitch by my side and Ill never be broken.
Dis bitch got these Flintstone sandals Dis broad done tagged dis nicca n a video of his sis giving dome ..
Dis hoe got uh dinguling nose Dis hoe wasnt dis violent on Lottery Ticket Dis niga at da gas station trippin.
Tol his bitch bitch who dnt wana ride wit a niga n a caddy on4s trued up bitch jus shut the fck up lol Dis nigga look retarded Disgusting GTFOHHHHH Mom just bought me a pet nigger Dj Khaled a fool .!!!
That bitch spends a good million on her ugly ass wigs Dj Khaled is retarded Dnt play with yo girl heart thats why her pussy there for .
Do as I say soo R muthaafuckin J hoe Do these glasses make my cunt look fat?
Do we love these hoes?
Do yall remember when Twitter took away verified check after Chris Brown broke up with her lmao stupid bitch Do you ever look zayn and be like he cunt be reel
Im not a bitch, cuteness gets you planted in a relationship a relationship youll hate.
Do your dick hang low, do it wobble to and fro, can you tie it in a knot, can you stick it in a hoe?
Does SZA have freckles on her pussy too?
Dog I think its a nigga dyke I was wondering the same Is the person that sing No Flex Zone a male or female?
Doing her thang for you shoutout that real bitch Dom calls me bitch boy Dont k me you bitch Dont Hillarys verbal responses and aggressive interactions suggest either brain damage or a need for meds?
Or maybe shes just a bitch!
Dont act all shy, bitch slop that up.
....unless you wanna be a ratchet white bitch at the clinic with 4 baby daddies.
Shes apparently exempt Dont be a little bitch or Ill do this to you Dont be a pussy.
Dont be fooled I kickit with niggas and bitches older then you so .
Dont be mad cause yo bitch Choosin Dont be mad cause yo bitch Choosin and I put her ass in the Jacuzzi SPLASH Dont be no bitch not speak when I initiate a friendly hello.
Dont be using teeth, hoe thats childish Dont blame me blame ya bitch cant help she want a nigga Dont bring dat police ass nicca round me Dont concern yourself wit my mingling with other bitches.
Dont ever kiss the other girl in a 3some, dont hug that hoe none of that Dont fucc wit Coward cuz he a bitch n left LA Dont fuck widd no baby ass bitch in the words of deja lol Dont fuck with girls that wear beanies Dont fw sloppy hoes, You might catch somethin..
Dont get a mf attitude bitch.
Im not about to justify shit.
Dont get yo bitch ass killed in new Atlanta baby!
Dont get your main bitch and side bitch confused, theres a big difference.
Dont hit me up talking bout who that bitch under yo pic..
Get yo ass treated Dont judge me..
i am vindictive and vengeful when it comes to bitches disrespecting me.
Dont kiss these hoes in the mouth.
Dont know no ugly bitches, dont know no broke niggas.
Dont know no snitch niggas Dont let the hoes lie to you!!
Dont let this natural hair care shit fool you.
Some of you hoes need a perm.
Dont lose sleep bout these bitches bc they come and go Dont love these hoes dont lean on bitches Dont love yo bitch, just fuck yo bitch when I got time to do it Dont make me make you fall in love with a bitch like me Dont make me take yo bitch nigga Dont mind black people.....hate niggers!
Dont no nigga want an artificial bitch ...
I gotta make some Blat plash when I get back..
Dont put too much effort into these bitches if you aint gettin none back.
Give them exactly what they give you Dont subtweet me my name so I no its real ugly bitch Dont talk to her like that.
I did a search for lying evil cunt and guess what?
You came top x Dont tell me Ryan Tannehills better than Dogshit Alex Smiths trash ass too.
Fuck.
Dont throw me the pussy!
Let me come get it Dont touch me bitch Im famous.
Dont touch no sloppy hoes, You might catch somethin..
Dont trust a bitch whos nail polish is chipping off.
Dont trust these hoes Dont try and pull that fake friend shit on me bitch.
Dont worry about the bitches I use to fuck wit.
Dont worry bout me I got it all arranged bitch.
Mind your business, stay in your lane bitch
Dont you hate that dumb ass voice that everyone uses when they try to mock something you said?
Dont believe them hoes.
Dont ever really talk about your intentions to your boy that nigga might just turn around and take that pussy Dont fuck wit broke bitches Dont you talk when im talking, you better mute it hoe Double tap and imma be honest hoe honest hoe Double up on that blow bitch!
Down to catch a body bitch!
Drake gets the bitches Drake vs.
Tyga beef, Yung Berg, Lil Fizz, Chris Brown bitch rants on Twitter, ILOVEMAKONNEN getting drug off stage.
Light skins taking Ls Drake was singing that shit so bitches would buy NWTS...lmao.
Nobody even remembers that album Dream job for a pedophile dressing up like mickey mouse and hugging kids all day Dreaming of the pussy that I slept on, cat nap.
Dress like a hoe, Im goin at you like a hoe just like any other nite.
Dress like youre gonna see that bitch you hate everyday ?
Drink up bitches Drinking Coronas....
These bitches are quite tasty.
Drinking ThaiTea while watching male drama queens bitch on Facebook.
Whole lot of snitching going on.
Driving the fucktardmobile tranny slips and all.
Drop dead gorgeous a bitch aint dying for a nigga Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch aint dying for a nigga Drop her off?
dat bitch a be walking if i wus driving....
Drop it down for a niggah Dropped all my hoes for someone.
Dude live next to me be hitting some ugly ass hoes Got Damn Dude said 130 bitch I took a whole nap before my 530 midterms Dude said ice jj fish created player on 2k retarded too lol Dude why do i have to be such a bitch..?
Like im confused.
Dudes is calling bitches out left and right today Dudes a faggot Pahahaha Dudes have problems deciphering sex too.Side bitches get wifely love.You cant keep a secret if youre overdoing dirt.
Dudes kill me with that I wouldnt mess with Khloe Kardashian if she aint have money Ive seen the hoes yall be hitting get real Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips Dudes proudly volunteer to be baby daddy ,3,4 and 5.Whether theyll be a father or not all over some pussy property.
Dudes stay trying to hit on someone elses bitch, knowing they already taken.
Aka Shitty Nights.
City Nights is hella Dumb ass bitch Dumb ass bitch i swear Dumb ass fake bitches childish shit!!!
Talk mad shit about each other and back to BEST FRIENDS?
lmao Dumb ass hoe Dumb ass student gets trapped in a giant sculpture Dumb bitch Dumb bitch dont know her colors Dumb bitch Dumb bitch leave me alone Dumb bitches are one thing thatll never become extinct..
Dumb bitches that think Buddha says namaste Dumb cunt Dumb little broad , move the fuck along bitch Dumb nigguh Dwight couldve had me instead of that ugly young hoe Dyke bitches kill me thinkin they really got hoes lol Dyke pastors be in The Lords house tryna cuff all the pussy bruh bruh EBHGJHBGJBEJFB I saw this
ACH WEBSINGLE XXXXX8898 MARYLANDUNEMPINS
And was like some bitch named Mary Landunem STOLE MY MONEY!
The 2 queers at AA!
lol EJ wanna be Michael Sam bitch so bad.
Fuckin faggot All though I eat my lunch on the road frequently Easy bitch how ?
Lmfaoooooooooo She was my girl Easy pussy doesnt motivate me Eat a dick bitch Eat her pussy when she mad Eat her pussy when she sad Eat her pussy when she sleep Eat her pussy when she horny EAT HER PUSSY Eat my dick bitch Eat so much pussy that my mustache pink Eat that pussy like cold pizza...
Eat that pussy like i got the munchies, Eat the pussy like Eat your vegetables or youll grow up to be a pussy Eating pussy is fun Eating pussy on top of my shoulders Eattin all this pussy im startin to get chubby Ebola sounds like a hood hoe Eh bitch!?
How about you worry about your own psychotic ass.
Looks like you need to be saved from being a noisy bitch Either yall niggas just hella funny or she just tryna hoe around the block but you know..
Elizbian is bitch and likes women Emd hoe Emoji ass nigguh Energy vampires all around this bitch.
Erica so desperate she bragging bout flawging ass Scrapy eating her pussy...
wow he ur baby daddy dumb bitch Im sure u gave he dome as well Errrnigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowin his bitch is the next nigga bitch Esp when bitches are after my leftover always hyping niggas.
I made him pick another ugly nigga to put on top.
Especially dem souf niccas, dat shit was outrageous Especially that wee cunt that walks about tensing all the time lol, sup wae that shit?
You are 5 foot fuck all.
Tank my motherfucking arse Europeans tastetest Americas most white trash snacks via This is hilarious!
ish Evan Williams wit me, we find a bitch have a minaj Evan.
Buy me polo I will eat your pussy till the receipt expire Even bitches with bad attitudes bumpin to our tunes..
Even gtta AK sittn at my bitch house Even my moms knows I dont fuck with ghetto people Even the young kardashians are hoes lol Even these pretty bitches mad self conscious, if that Instagram pic dont get enuff love it gets Even they know you my bitch Ever leave me around yo bitch and ima get her stoned Ever pop a bag of chips and that bitch bust open on the end facing the fuckin floor Every Psychology class has that annoying cunt who relates everything to herself just bc she has ADD and her parents got divorced Every bitch that love, bank account in overdraft Every bitch was born to break a man Every chick say that she a bad bitch.
I just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch.
Every good story starts off with So this bitch...
lol Every gook in should be deported or killed.
Every halfbreed cop in America is trying to rape white women.
Every nigga can make a female act like a bitch.
Every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch but not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch Every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch!
Every nigga trynna fuc the next nigga bitch not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch Every one of then would just be adding me to their collections of hoes Every pussy the same but I feel like I aint get enough Every real nicca need a real bitch!
Those scum have no right to be here.
Every spic cop in has raped or has thought about raping a white woman.
Thats why those halfbreeds get jobs as pigs.
Every spic cop in is loyal to the Every spic cop should be killed.
Those pigs only got their job to get even but white people never did anything to them.
Every time I fuck, I gotta hit me least like two bitches...
Every time Im posted up using my phone a Macys employee wanna scare me bitches Every time my mom calls me its to bitch at me about something lol Everybody , Everybody everybody, Everybody sit yo bitch ass down and listen to this true motherfuckin told by Kendrick lamar rolls crash Everybody was bout to fuck a fat bitch Everybody fucking everybody bitch everybody with the shit ....thats LIFE Everybody got foreign bitches and foreign cars Everybody got some to say everybody hate if you ask me every bitch gay Everybody is being a bitch at my house Everybody thats still on Facebook ghetto or pregnant idc.
Everyday I wake up I got a different bitch Everyday I wake up celebrating, why?
I just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch.
Everyone Needs To Stop Bitchin about Jeter...
Youre witnessing the last week of baseball from the greatest player to wear a Yankees uniform Everyone calls me b they be like oh wassup b and I be like wassup my niggah Everyone liked evil me.
This me is a pussy.
Fuck compassion.
Everyone staring at me like whats this bitch doing here Everyone tells me the exact same thing but I wont listen, coon Everyone that says is a queer.
Everyone up north is getting pregnant Im glad my bitch ass moved down here Everything dont deserve a reaction.
So dont think because you do something that Im jump..no, bitch Im focused on money not your sad ass Everytime I clean the room my mom tells me what bitch is coming over this time lmao what a dick !!
Everytime I fuck I gotta hit me at least two bitches Everytime I go out I aint never wit no new bitches Ew I hate when ratchet ass hoes post stranger danger ewww bitch Ew wtf lol Lmfaooooo LMFAOOOOOOOOO bitches goin gay for this?
Ewh bitch you look like an inbred.
Ewww bitch Except dat Hazel nigga..
I think all dem hoes on LAHHH regular....I know I can hit all of em too Excuse me, heres your nose.
Exes swear they can do better, then you see their next bitch .....
Married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers.
Married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers.
27 Extra hard for these hoes.
Eyebrows up and down like Wall Street homes...
Yall bitches wilding with pencil FUCK ARE YOU TALKIN ABOUT??
its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no FUCK YOU We have yall faggots next FUCK YOU, youre a fucking a lowlife piece of trash.
FUCKING WALK OFF IN THE BRONX!!!
Face only yo bitch could love Facebook is for fags Facts can be a bitch sometimes.
my bitch educated had her clients pay the payment Faggot ass bitch nigga Fake ass hoes all around Fake ass people.
Frontin ass bitches too Fake niccas aint far dog they right in ya face!
Falls in that pussy like quick sand False start bitches Fam.
Telling bitches youre sterile so you can hit em raw Famous women be the biggest hoes.
Fat Trel that niggah Fat ass hoe holding up the machine Fat ass inbred rednecks like Paula Deen are breed that are going extinct.
Fat bitch Fat bitches Twitter names be PrincessCookieNeckBackCrack lmaoo Fat bitches got the most pictures Fat bitches need love too Ill fuck em Fat fucking funky nasty ass hoes Fat hoes on Twitter calling themselves Barbies, bitch you aint no damn Barbie you a damn care bear.
Faux Noise pundits dont like duck molester, proslavery racist, darling Phil Robertson either Faux Noise pundits dont like duck molester, proslavery racist, homophobic teabagger darling Phil Robertson either Fck dem old hoes.....
Fear no bitch Fear the queer Feb 18 was a record setting day for the word faggot, apparently Fed ex some real hoe boys Feeeeeling tuna feelliiiing cunt Feel like a bitch for calling the cops on people but Id rather this bitch go to jail then someone get hit by a wreck less driver.
Feel like i aint did this in a while , let me warm up Eat that pussy for a half an hour got her goin nuts Feelin like I can have any bitch I want.
Feelin like all these hoes in this bitch want me.
Fell asleep and woke up to some weird ass staring at me.
Never seen a beaner sleep before?
Females act like they never seen a nicca who raise they kids ..
Stop trippin, he dont know that hoe Females so dirty bro real talk you gotta play these bitches now day because if you dont they still gonna do it to you Females talk down on niccas when I can point out a few females who be on that tip!!
Females use breast cancer awareness month as an excuse to be a hoe on social sites smh knowing damn well they know nothing about that shit.
Feminist aka a bitch.
Fenkell in this bitch Ferrari addiction bitch its a wonderful thing.
Few Instagram likes a bitch swear dat she on Fight me 0 cuz theyre trash How many 50cent corn dogs did you order today?
Fight me den hoe Fight me you tubby bitch Ill fight anyone Fight night tonight, go Cotto.
Smack that pompous cunt down in front of millions.
Fighting on the Internet is like competing in the special Olympics, even if you win, youre still retarded.
Finally back behind the sticks, visit me bitches Finally running the game and everybody trippin now, but Ion give a fuck I got their bitches drippin now.
Find Waldo at Escape bitches !
Find a big butt bitch somewhere and get my nuts kissed Find her ass and push her down some stairs by accident.
Throw some water on the floor.
Shit.
Kick a bitch.
Fine ass fat bitch...
Fines hoes only Finna favorite my last tweet so niccas will kno I been knew wassup Finna get 86d cause bitches in coming at me wrong Fire, bitch.
Fireball has turned from a cool liquor I used to be sponsored by...to a drink for pussy country dudes who hear it in a song.
First chick to bring me some hashbrowns from Waffle House right now will get her pussy ate First game first play.
DAT can fuck my bitch First of all you my type of bitch First off , fuck your bitch the click you claim First the white bitch wanna ask extra questions shit...
be a lil bitch about everything with her skinny ass!
First thing I do when I hit the lotto is buying two fat bitches and watching her eat both in one sitting First thing she wit ya, next minute she against ya, like that hoe from the clippers Fitted Girbuad straps?
Them bitches would be raw as hell.
Fizz a whole hoe outchea see would of been walking Flag bitch GHAT DAMN...
WE NIGHT AS WELL BE PLAYING AGAINST THE FLAG, SHIT!
Flaming faggots that publicly state how they want everything handed to them...
Like fuck you dude, get off your bottom ass and do something Flashin money but ya bitch nails not done..
Flaw bitches.
Flaw bitches everywhere.
Flo is a bad bitch Floyd please deliver me from temptation as I oh so wish this bitch would hurry thee fuck up so I can surfboard on my bed.
Fluffy is a retard homeboy is calling a baby rattlesnake friend and kissing him!
Fly as a bitch on Aladdin rug Fly nicca no parachute Follow a nicca on IG imhollywoodjay Follow a nicca on IG imyungjay Follow ah bitch on ig tho 1inkkofrosess Follow me back bitch.
Follow my nigga cgbugatti Niggaz hated nd flagged his possibly Fucked ya bitch thats why yall Football the only thing I got!
no bae I dont got no hoes, they all come and go!!
time to just start focusing on something thats real For a faggot ass nigga that crys about people who talk about kicks he certainly makes a lot of fucking shoe comments.
Thats yall man smfh For about the last hour of getting my stomach tattooed I felt like I was going to puke.
God damnit For all we know this nigga a rapist.
Yall hoes dumb melts For all you hoes know I could be DJ Zetti For all you psychology bitches on your periods..
Do this to chill tf out For every hoe out there theres some nigga out there tryna save her and make turn her into a good woman...she jus keep ignoring his texts For every thirst dog lies a thirsty bitch.
For guys ?bros over hoes?.
For girls ?chicks over dicks?.
For me, it?s ?whoever has my back over the fake ass people, any day?
Whipped a quick uturn, whooped that ass, and went to jail For some reason I always assume guys who act like that in trucks have tiny dicks HAHA For such bold people confrontation seems to make bitches out of alot of you For you bitch niggas out there Forget resting bitch face, the next hot new trend will be resting drunk face.
Forgiato Fest in Dallas this year fuck yeah bitch Forgot how good I am at NHL13.
Too bad is a pussy and wont buy it.
Scared to get fuckin scraped.
Forreal forreal, I would let the founder of Capcom fuck my bitch.
They made Street Fighter AND Marvel vs Capcom Forte just trucked dude hoe ass lol Frankie is a twat.
Freak hoes Freak hoes got several Freaky bitch eat the dick while Im playing madden Freaky bitch hi Fredo was a bitch ass nigga.
How niggas fire over 20 shots at his pops but he didnt get off 1 cuz he dropped the gun smh Free 5iiive nigga, let all a my dogs out.
Moma said no pussy cats inside my dog house!
Free Ballout lil bitch Free bitch .
We stay used yo hol yo each other cdfu Free lee bitch 131 4L Free lil cj bitch the wait is over !
Free love sexual liberation SEEMED to be the dawn of lots of consequence free pussy for them 60s negroes.
WHY WE ALWAYS FORGETTING HISTORY Free my brother turt and gn bitches Free my niggah C4 Free that hoe Free that hoe 1x Fresh Japanese model toys her succulant pussy until shecums Fresh polo on you bitches Freshman year I remember like it was yesterday.
I was lowkey plotting on the baddest bitch.
But some clown ass nigguh swooped dat up lol Friday is gunna be my bitch Friend zone ass nigguh Friends become foes girlfriends become hoes.
From now on, I will call all radical MUSLIMS niggers!
It is very fitting, and it is racist!
I AM RACIST AGAINST ANYONE WHO HATES AMERICA!
From that point should saw how I treated that bitch fucked her now lose my number I aint answering shit Fronting bitches get that I just got off the island dick.
Then I never hit them up again because Im a fronting ass nigga Fruit 2 O?
Who tf does WOHS think they are Trynna serv a nigguh dat lame shit Fuc u say ?
All these hoes look good on IG Fucc nicca Fucc niccas dnt want no smoke Fucc u primo aint nobody ask u 2 fav dink lies Fucc yo face card nicca Fuccn yo bitch and its wet like a pool Fuccn yo bitch last night she say you the nigga!!
Fuck Im such a bitch.
Fuck MLK Why does Lexii keep favoriting my coon tweets ?
MLK didnt die for this Fuck Staten Island, place is for pussies Fuck Ur god until dat faggot strikes me down Fuck Ya feelings aint no sorries bitch Fuck a bitch flip a brick Fuck a hot head pussy I gt a cold heart Fuck a lame nigga than you a lame bitch Fuck a nigga feelings, fuck a nigga bitch.
Fuck a opp thot well shoot a bitch Fuck all that Some bitches so disrespectful they dont care.
They will talk , fuck , ya boyfriend and still speak to the girlfriend.
Fuck all that huggin and kisses, I fuck all they bitches Fuck all that talking bitch y u got my name in to mouth Fuck all these dirty hoes these bitches basic Fuck all u stupid hoes Fuck all yall hoes gang shit Fuck all you hoes who keep giving my number to these colleges lmao Fuck around take them hoes back Fuck around and get your honeybun took in that bitch with all that crying nigga!!
Fuck around and waste my time and Ill fuck that bitch you hate and that one friend you love Fuck around wit me n my niggas n well turn dis bitch inside out Fuck ass redskin corners Fuck bad bitches Fuck bitches get money Fuck bitches get money ayyyyeeeee Fuck bitches get money mission complete!
Fuck boi fag Fuck class gon be a bitch tomorrow Fuck da bulls and your trash ass music nigga Fuck da Cavs Fuck dat bitch Fuck drama class.
This bitch boring as hell Fuck fight music bitch this is losing ya life music Fuck fleeto like, id cut you cunts up Fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty Fuck her pussy Fuck her mouth Fuck her ass cause she nasty Fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty Fuck her right in the pussy.
Fuck is Yall sayin bitch ma h456d love me Fuck is yaw sayin bitch my hood love me Fuck it, its 4 am why am I tweeting as if anyone is going to answer me, yall niggers dont reply at 4 pm.
Niggerfag Niggerfag Niggerfag Fuck ms.
Patrick that bitch cant teach for shit Fuck my Ex bitch Fuck niggah add it up..
Fuck nigguh Trynna talk it out.
Wtf we Finna talk about?
Fuck off bitch Fuck rebuild the tranny, Im driving it like its been for the last 4 years till it finally goes out Fuck that Dancehall shit, thru that on bitch Fuck that I got a curfew I break that bitch tho idgaf , she could fuss and curse at me when I get home lmfao Fuck that bitch Fuck that hoe!
Fuck that hoe.
Fuck that hoe???
thats exactly what dese hoes doin.
Gettin fucked nd yall niggas the one to blame Fuck that new bitch , that you think you found.
Fuck that niggas shit up!
Olivias pussy got Fitz going batshit!!!
Fuck that niggah he so weak he cant tell that you a freak Fuck that niggah he so weak, he cant tell that you a freak Fuck that shit Im out this bitch Fuck that stupid bitch..
Fuck the church you attend , fuck your god, fuck the nigguh you call the savior .
Its a fucking new world order baby Fuck the club.
Nothing but stank pussy and thirsty niggas.
Fuck the courts!!!
How is a 35 fine add up to 445 MF dollars bitch??
Fuck the cowboys the giants the redskins Fuck the rockets and everything they get with d Howard bitch ass.
Lol Fuck them bitches Fuck them hoes you got that award already.
Fuck them kids bitch Fuck these bitches Stop women bashing Them women dont exist in this generation.
Fuck these hoes im gone Fuck this I need a fat bitch, these skinny bitches aint hungry for da mula hahaha Fuck this bitch idc Fuck this fuckin bitch and her stupid analysis bullshit Fuck this hoe ass professor she looks like an extra from Halloween town.
Fuck this mexican bitch she talks too much, she thinks shes an ivy league scholar.
Fuck u 2 bitch call the cops Fuck u niggas gonna do not a mfka thing oh bitch ass wack ass nigga yall some fake ass people Fuck what a bitch saying the hood love me Fuck what rappers say bitch I am LA Fuck what you think.
I think them bitches produced the FUCK outta some shit.
Telling you I STILL rock out to the vast majority of No Skits Fuck wit us and we tweakin hoe Fuck with us you know we tweakin hoe Fuck wnba , fuck dykes on my set Fuck ya main hoe now she claimin mob hav her brake ya heart wen I rob ya inda daark Fuck you and the bitches you talking to Fuck you bitch I have to fucking piss I take 30 seconds you take 5 fucking minutes Fuck you bitches who send dudes to child support court just because youre petty Fuck you bruh Ima look at your young bitch..
Fuck you faggot Grow up Im gonna be an old ass man STILL playing video games Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch Fuck you ghetto ass coons Fuck you niggah Im cold my aunts said no more throwing people in so Im going to take a shower Fuck you then bitch shove that work up your ASS Fuck you tweetin me emojis for faggot Fuck you, !
That football SCUM woulda stabbed his gf to death and slit his wrists instead of shooting.
Fuck you, hoe ass nigga The whitefronted parrot is the only other species besides humans that French kiss as a prelude to sex.
Fuck your dreads fire it up hoe rt while we watch This Is The End Fuck!
Hostess to liquidate if Bakers strike continues through Thursday end of Twinkies...
Fucked the shit out yo bitch earlier she said she couldnt stand straight Fucked up when a freak hoe tell you ya posed to be homeboy was pillow talking too ..
Fucked your bitch, just met her Fucken pussy Fuckin pussies passed out.
Fuckin , man.
knows these FUCKS cant procreate without the help of breeders but we treat them ?
Fucking douche bro.
Youre a fag Fucking faggots arent from or live in DC, Maryland or VA Fucking flake ass bitches Fucking gook Fucking hate ghetto girls I swear bruh Fucking hate ghetto girls bruh Fucking hate my coon ahh uncle Fucking lying cunts man, gotta love them Fucking pussy bruh lol Fucking redneck queers and their game invites Fucking thirsty bitches Fucking told all of you bitches.
Fucking trash Fucking twat Xavi checking the grass HAHA Fucking with these hoes nigga dont be no dumby Fuckkkk this faggot commie Fuckkkkk!!!
Jus kickn shit ..
Funnie watching my nig interview on ESPN Funniest yt comment I ever received was Niggers gonna nig shrugs ..
lmao racist muthafucka caught me off guard Funny 2 see gay men with profiles bitch on tv about privacy rights.
Fuuuuuck you you stupid fucking cunt Fuuuuuuuuck that bitch.
Gs up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this.
Surely acts like one.
Trying to put dem bitches on, too!
In AutoZone trying to buy the correct wiper blades for my car GOAT Nitty had bitches rubbin his beard and stomach at the same time in Jollies..
LEGENDARY GOOD Music Young Money fags GStar suspenders got a bad bitch bitch GTA online today bitch ass niggas GTFOH u bitch ass ref GUYSSSSS YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS maaan most of my friends are hoes this cant be true Gab and Bri both fell asleep on me.
Gabby is back bitches step aside Gabby is hella ghetto Gabby is such a hoe Gabbys a bitch and has three accounts Gabbys a bitch and has two accounts Gaga is that bitch who probably gives A lapdances.
GahDamn I got bitches, damn I got bitches, damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress!!
Gang gang bitch Gansitos are ATG beaner candy Gasoline 12.
What did the last pussy you had taste like?
Gators bitches best be usin Jimmys !
Gators bitches better be using jimmies Gave a homeless guy a couple bucks today and didnt even say thank you, just walked away Ha okay!!
Ungreatful son of a bitch.
Gave dat bitch da Spirit of the Dragon Gave her that move it lil nigger push smh..
Gave that bitch an E pill ...
Get a bitch, break a bitch Get cunts to threaten me, not bothered.
Id happily hit up a big massive group ae third years or something hahaha.
Get my name tatted, right by ya pussy Get on your mutha fucking shit hoe.
Get on your shit hoe.
Get out granny longjohns rednecks..for your cold bones from very cold Polar Vortex, The Sequel!
DoG Get tf off joseline pussy!!!!
Like damn Get the fuck over yourself fag.
Youre an undercover hooker and actually use weave cause youre balding.
Get these hoe ass fuckboys off the stage.
Get this bitch off my TV bruh Get yo bitch jumped by 6 nigguhs Get your nasty ass out of my snapchat bitch Get your own picture bitch.
Get your slow ass out my way Get your weak ass juco highlights off twitter hoe Gettin a lil midnight snack, best poboys in town Genes with my nigs and nickswagis504 Gettin bitches was never hard I just settled down cause that start got corny an my girl thurl Gettin drop top dat hoe Getting hit off a cunt thats about 6 foot sideways and a cunt that was in the army lol, i dini care, yous are fuckin laughable Getting niggaz to discuss more than sports hoes and rap music is impressive but SO HARD TO DO!
Ghetto ass bitches came in my job talm bout sum o yes u daddy down Giants you bitch Gillette is for pussies Gimme another beer bitch!
Gimme my grade bitch you know wat Im trying to spell Girl dont hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy Girl like 19 pics of mine on Instagram this morning while I was working, when I saw that I thought this bitch need a life Girl you eating more pussy then me girl you should have been a nigga Girls are so fucking grimy today, keep your vagina in your pants you dirty hoe Girls be like 11313 I love you babe 3 bitch isnt that today?
Girls be like 102312 I love you babe 3 hoe isnt that today?
Girls be looking for reasons to do hoe shit Girls be tripping with that you got hoes shit, I do know other girls that are my friends!
Girls the days be confused hoes aint nobody got time fo that !
Girls wanna meet a man with plans and ambition and a boy on a pussy hit mission..
Girls watch out for hoes who always have something to say bout your man bc they will be the main one tryin to fuck him behind your back Give a bitch 2 or 3 pumps thats it.
Give a hipster bitch a yellow stick now she suckin dick in the hood and shit Othot Give me 3 wishes, I wish, I wish, I wish you would bitch.
Give me head an kiss yah nigga u a ill bitch Give me head and kiss to nigga you a eww bitch Give that hoe an Oscar she stay acting crazyy!!
Give these hoes 20,000 followers you got a whole new bitch Give us our credit bitch..
Glad I bossed up on my old hoes Go UTES!
You got Playboy bitches, disrespectful players, and a bunch of spoiled hipsters at your school, so Im cheering for you.
Just like the little bitch you are Go watch nick jr.
Childish ass bitch The nicks are playing ?
God I would sell both my nuts to watch LeBron tear his ACL right now and watch all those pussies kill themselves God bless the dumb and retarded God bless the dumb niggas who trust these hoes God dam man that freestyle is so retarded that its fumny af omg God damn birds God damn flappy birds weak ass God my tweets are so ghetto God youre a faggot if you dont think superman is the best superhero Goes ape shit on my ass like nigggga tf you doin i hust saved yo life so i pushed her ass into the the wall then she calmed down again Going comfortable then a hoe today, gotta be relaxed for prom Going for a bitch nigga neck cause nigga am Rollin Going hard bitch swear Im on my job throw a quake in the air call that shit a lob Going out with bad intension...
Keep yo girlfriends inside, and Im not just saying it ask my nigs I mean it Going to get my ID today fucking finally Ill see you retards soon Going to the creek with my bitches tomorrow Goku, shutting down hoes since 1984 Gold diggin ass bitch lol Goldiggers wanna marry me, somebody tell them hoes to see therapy.
Hit that bitch.
Gonna drink and talk about bitches that Ive almost had.
Gonna make a chicken sandwich, put half a bottle of tapatio on that bitch, and figure some shit out Gonna straight hip check the next hillbilly who tries to apply the term derecho to a runofthemill thunderstorm.
Gonna surprise earl with a tranny.
Best 450 ever fucking spent?
Yes Good Mernin faggots Good Morning to lightskin dyke bitches with Steven Segal ponytails.
Good Morning to you hoes and pimps.
Good day spent with my faggot Good day, honkies.
Good evenink, honkies!
Good lord, I never met a bitch like this before Good luck coming to see us in Vegas.
Thats where all the bitches are at Good morning Monday I have my truck money full tank and I didnt do any homework.
Your my bitch Monday Good morning coons.
Giving u white trash body Good morning, you hoe ass niggas.
Pimp C voice Good pussy change ya life!
Good they trash Niggas ate most of my chips ahoy cookies and the cookies havent been in the house 20 hours yet Good thing about you hoes, u aint hoes forever.
ur expiration date will come to Good thing my brother loves me more than all you bitches thoo.
He woke his ass up after working all night to drive me to school.
Got these hoes on my dick like Brad Pitt.
Goodmorning bitches Water front San Diego Goodmorning uu bitch ass niggas !!!
Goodnight bitches with a lisp Goodnight my real niggabitches Goodnight pretty bitches n real niggas fuck da rest Goofy ass.
lmfaoo make a niggah laugh Got 1 baby mama no bitch no wife ....
Got a couple thou den I get a couple shooters Fa dat couple thou mane my niccas will shoot ya Got a iPhone for business but the sidekick is for the bitches Got a lil bitch from the 916 Got a new bitch and she got ass, lookin at my ex like yeah i know you mad Got a red ass bitch wid a red ass pussayyy Got all the black bitches mad cuz my main bitch vanilla Got another niggas bitch in my bed right now Got damn man hung tf over like a bitch Got good pussy.
thinking, even if I were to accept your sexual advances there wouldnt be much you could do about it.
Got ketchup on my swim trunks...
Sum bitch Got my mind made nicca ...
Fuk u pay me!
Tf am I worried about a next bitch for?
Got my shit changed doe , find the PW now bitches !
Haha Got myself a new job bitches!
Got one bitch in economy and one bitch back in coach.
Got the Vector Job, bitch.
Got these hoes lurkin got these niggahs talkin Got this bad Spanish bitch .
Got uh bitch dat set it off like Jada Pickett Got up to get food, dropped a fruitsnack and my dog went ape shit and woke the whole house up.
Got your bitch with me right now.
Gotchya bitch Gotta bitch with some churchs chicken thighs Gotta go get a haircut ASAP tomorrow aint no bitches looking at me right now.
Gotta love rednecks.
Gotta missed call from yoooo bitch Gotta put it back in rotation aint heard u say...you lil stupid ass bitch in a minute fam u slackin lol Gotta question the nicca standing next to you cut em off Gotta smile dat drive bad bitches crazy Gotta watch these hoes Gov.
Rick Scott Kicks Charlie Crists Ass Gov.
Rick Scott Kicks Charlie Crists Ass Grant bitches more than a 14 year old white bitch Grats to Haye, still a bitch though Greinke you sneaky son of a bitch you Gresham Road Soldier BoulderCrest Soldier and I told my bitch to quit me cause Im never gone propose Grow up RT just because a nigga has hoes doesnt mean he doesnt love you Grow up bitch Grusty hoe Gtta fly bitch and she stand out!
Gucci cut throat use to stay next door his kenfolk limousine bitch pouring up ya rent money Gucci feel like jeezy pussy outchea you tried to kill me and wasnt successful.
Nigga lucky Gucci aint tried to down him Gucci fucked a lot more famous bitches but he the type to not have to speak on it.Wonder who opened their mouth?
Gucci mane on a bitch Gudnight keep that pussy tight Guess who just got an apartment in downtown Columbus?
Thats right bitch you guessed it, this guy.
Guess whos a little bitch?
Gum drop looking bitch commenting on peoples looks Guy tweets I wanna eat some pussy
Girl tweets I wanna suck some dick
NOT FAIR Guys now and days act like they dont care because pussy is easy but thats not the only thing that matters Guys say bros before hoes.
Guys so quick to talk shit to a bitch they would kiss ass to .
Guys that struggle to get pussy are the main niggas that bad talk women.
He could get more pussy if he can learn how to stfu and chill H8 fake bitches HAHA If ANY of you bitches even THINK about attacking me in the elevator....
HAHAHAHA Im so happy that bitch just spilt all her coffee everywhere HAHAHAHAHAHA 1st i stop swimmin den i fuq ur bitch HOT ISIS SOCIAL MEDIA PHOTO Laughing Jihadis Get Baby To Kick Severed Head warning, graphic HYSTERICAL!!
may be a bunch of assholes, but that comment made me belly laugh!!!
Ha bill bellicheck wouldnt give an interview what a pussy!!!!
Hey bill karmas a bitch!!!!!!!!
Ha bitch Ha dat bitch in jail Ha..
Who can get the pussy quicker these days Ha..
yous a lonely hoe Had to block that bitch.
Soooo annoying Had to change my shit up on u hoes Had to do another phone sweep!
aka delete these hoes from my contacts Had to get that hoe shit off my TL Had to touch a yung nicca up real quicc last nite Had yo main bitch gettin high..
Hah a big LOL to all the tacky faggots Haha Ill shoot you and that bitch I guess my gun is bi Haha Tanaka went Yankee.
I see you nigs lol Haha bitch ass gucci Haha i call my girl a bitch, only cuz she calls me one Haha macklemoore was just on my ferry boat bitches.
That black caddy !
Haha niggah gave up , cant keep up with me loser !
Hahah its funny how all the little dumb hoes want to follow you nigga just to be all up in your ass like bitch the fuck you kreepen fo?
Hahaha I see you niggah Hahaha Im fucking weak!
He used to abuse this pussy ......
Lmfao Hahaha high school what a joke more like fake bitches an dumb niggas gather here Hahahaa so people cant parent differently...?
Twitter is fuckin trash ahahahha Hahahaaha my teacher just realed these thots.
She said You need to stop acting ghetto cause its not cute Hahahaha fucking pussies Hahahaha manziel is a faggot and the browns will ruin him.
Win win for me Hahahahaa fuckin crow looking bitch Hahahhahaa Your boyfriend trash ma, stop tryna convince yourself otherwise in these tweets Hair pulling during sex is just a way of letting her know that her pussy is good Haley was called a raghead accused of adultery and she skyrocketed in the polls.
Half of yall hoes anyways.
Have a nigga fuck yall both and ask him who got better pussy Half these bitches be playin because but im far from a lamee Half these females with these twitter names like eat my pussy aint even about that life bro..
Halloween is a hoe holiday Halloweens over, and bitches still playing roles.
Handicap sticker bitch I park where I want.
my bitches !
Hanging with my bitches I couldnt be more happy Happy 18th to these main bitches!!!
Happy Bday ya bitch you!!
Ill always love you even if we go a year without talking bc youre petty youre still my sister Happy Birthday nigguh keep your blunts fat and your cups filled Happy Birthday to this fag!
Even likes and !!!
What the fuck is wrong with you ?
Fuckin ....
SERIOUSLY THO That shit would be Happy Easter you dirty sons a bitches!
Happy Friday bitches Happy bday I love you my nigguh Happy birthday I love you faggot Happy birthday bitch Happy birthday fag love ya Happy birthday little bitch boy Happy birthday nig !
Miss your black ass Happy birthday pops aka old negro spiritual aka the man who said I was an accident.
64 never looked so Happy birthday to literally the craziest bitch I know Im so happy Im related to u Happy birthday to my bitch.
I had to tow is botch ass car...
Love you cuz Happy birthday to the biggest retard out there.
Youre my favorite retard though happy birthday nigs Happy birthday to this coon ass nigga buckcity Happy first day of college nigger Happy this nigga nick old I only like red bones ass is watching this.
Hardly ever sober bitch I party till its over.
Harry must thincc Im the bitch he can fall Bacc on ah sum Boi BYEEEEE Harvard got the worst hoes cheerleading in America Hate a bitch thats always in some mess Hate a hoe that think relationships are seasonal..
Hate aw they gym cunts in ma year, Id rather eat like a pig and drink like Ive got a problem Hate dat hoe Hate on what bitch Hate that bitch Ray Donovans wife is pissing me off Hate this dyke Hate when Im in a girl city call her then she call back after Im on the plane bitch FOH Hate when bitches get boyfriends then forget all about you like you wasnt there before they got together Hate when bitches talk like they rey fuck your brains out then be like im just filrting lmao fuck u bitch Hate when bitches tryna put you in the friendzone...bitch Im tryna score, put me in the endzone Hate when bitches with long hair decide to get a haircut.
Nothin good ever comes out of that Hate when hoes try to lead u on naw like lil bitch im coool Hate when my hoes get out here an start actin single smh.
Then bitch whats good?
Hats off to all hoodrat chicks from the ghetto who have anxiety attacks at formal events Have you Eva asked a nicca where dey got sum fake designer frm Have you ever slapped a bitch for giving you a big hickey Have you ever thought a bitch was wet as fuck, but woke up the next morning realized that she was just on her period?
Have you heard guala shit Featuring chasedadoe,r.o.m.e.,and the boy big by Joseph Chase Rinche on ?
Havent talked to my bitch in a while lol.
Having them hoes gets old, well it has gotten old already.
It means youre easy, and retarded.
Having a bitch aint goofy.
Having bitch dat aint loyal is Having a bitch come in handy during times like this Having hoes not cool, That one will be better than all them thots Having sex with a guy wont keep him around for you dumb hoes who think that.
Theres plenty pussy.
Just gotta have a guy who wont give in Having spent the whole of catching fire telling the bitch next to me to put her phone away, I am now battling the masses so I can buy milk Hayfever is a cunt Hazel e looks like a bird...
Her and kaep prolly related by nose and shit He a hoe fa that Incredible vagina is rarely ever attached to an incredible woman.
He aint shit girl, he a bitch made nigga !
He be like bitch dontouch my braids He better choose up cuz aint No Bitch checcin a nigga that she dont Fw for being wit other bitches...that dont even sound right He bring the hoes out on twitter nigga got magical powers Who is ?
He called me a bitch.
How about you go fuck yourself.
bitch please.
any hoe they had in the 11wd, niggas from the hood RAN thru em....
He did dat headband shit on purpose ..
Now the whole spurs team fuckin up lookin at this weird lookin nicca He died for a reason I didnt follow you back cuz you fat, bitch.
Lmao Sean Payton been had hoes Lol He doesnt like you, ya stupid bitch.
He likes ur vag.
He dont even follow his bitch He got Channing Tatum as his bitch,Im out He got a cousin named jason that rock da Gary Payton....now da same triflin bitches an HIV patient He got hoes for sell!
He has hickeys on him an its like yeah bitches thats mine and hes like not even trying to hide them.
He hit me with if I tell you who Im fucking you cant say shit bitch, but her head game on point He is really on my line singing negro spirituals..!!
He lucky he got a bitch that knows how to cook clean wash everything He needs too!
Thats not PG He said soul patch bitch ..!!!
Lmaoooo He said that bitch look like a praying mantis tho ctfu He said we gon be paying a bitch rent, Im not even tryna buy her an extra sweet and sour sauce at McDonalds He sound like a bitch He trash in concert anyways.
How was that even possible when I was on a cruise ship with no phone service negro?
He went and got that bitch!!
Hes a bitch.
Hes bitch keep looking at me
Hes going to be someones bitch He bought to catch hell in cell block D.
They fuck up men who are rapist and child molesters.
Hes like 30 something year old talking back to my mom taking my uncles truck without permission like bitch you need to fucken relax !
Hes making sure if its ok for the bitches Headed straight to the top bitch.
Heard I fuck with them bitches Now you mad tripping Heard some good news today and all I gotta say is karma is a bitch Heard that bitch gtta thang for them boss niggas Heard them haters talking, I heard them bitches fucking..
I must be doing something right Heard you gotta new bitch.
See ya postin up thinkin that its making me sick.
Heartless ass niggah Heartless ass niggah but who isnt now Adays ?
Heat bitches!!!!!!!!!!!
Heeellllooo If a bitch keep hitting your nigga phone...
Its because hes still entertaining her Helga was a bitch....
lol I still look good Im smaller than half these hoes Hell naw we dont fuck wit no phonies you can tell yo bitch we some young rich homies!
Hell yeah that bitch gon go ham Hell yuhh they hit haha so ma nigga, gmula!
Cheweing one takes a chug, then sniffey Hella hoes Hello October, you irrelevant bitch you no worries November coming Hello new followers.
I am anime loving nigger who is too poor to afford a laptop, resulting in being a mw3 theater player for Darth.
Hello, and to them bitches!!!!!
Help me speed up the process of fucking your bitch..feel me?
Her pussy clean but she dance dirty..
Her pussy so good like I left something Her pussy sweeter then some fresh fruit she gushin I drink the best juice Her pussy wet I call it Fiji water Here I go!
Welcome to the titty show.
Typa ass i see in a video.
When I fuck, nut in you like a silly hoe.
Here some kimora boobies for you this is how unlock before I slice a bitch.
Here this bitch go ...
Lol Here this nigga go Damn dark skinned hoes be havin all that ass but be lookin like pokemons Here we go this fat bitch started talking and now will never stop Here yall hoes go dicc ridin shit Heres a thought you dont have a valentine bc your a mean ugly bitch haha Hey youre a nigger , learn from other blacks in the league on how to conduct yourself Hey dis angry white man called me a nigger when I didnt answer da door on time.
Stop with the racist whitey hate crap.
Hey bitch..Adam showed up..bring more beer.
Hey bitches Ill be in IC tonight so dial the digits Hey ladies can i ask you a question ?
Why do yall niggas be so fkn LAME !
It be the baddest bitches wit the LAMEST niggas Hey morons at and was it political when Bush raised terror threat right before the election?
This nigger loving Jew boy asked if I was making death threats against his goat fucking people.
Fuck him.
Hey, people bird watching, you do realize theres like, hundreds, literally hundreds of free pictures of boobs on the Internet, right?
Hey, you, bitch in the minivan.
Stop riding my ass.
Like fuck you, bitch, Detroit What.
Dont be like a stupid white bitch in some horror movie asks to hide from behind some chainsaws.
Grow the fuck up and stop being a little bitch.
That should be a tag line for my new speaking tour High then a bitch of them bong rips, steady smoking 11 gs with my nigga Jorge High then a hoe but played it cooooool High then a hoe watching wolf of Wall Street High then a hoe with bitch ass Benny High then a hoe, hitting this bowl for my nigga Rick!
High thenna bitch thats y Im tweeting Higher den a bitch Highland BitchK .
Them bitches stupid on Bloods , Id fuck with Deja thoe His big ass smile, his eyes is chink.
His bitch ass a hoe ass nigga prolly dont get no pussy His bitch ass is the same way so it dont matter.
His bitch wan fuck me cuz he sneak dissin me His boyfriend gonna be like You aint make a team?
Im straight fag.
His hair so cute wit his sessy face but his ex bitch liked that picture to shit like fucc it Hit a bitch with a car bomb.
Hit his bitch Im like shaggy Im like no it wasnt me Hit it and pass it until that pussy elastic Hit me up with plans nigs Hit me with plans mah nigs Hit my car with another rock and Ill be all over your ass in no time bitch.
Hitler didnt finish it.
If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Hittin licks, what you get outta that?
You yo boys is some pussy cats!!!
Hitting women is wrong morally but bitches get raped, kidknapped.beat up, an sold to be sex slaves, when they gonna end that?
Hmm Every bitch i fucked wit is a hoe never met a real female in my life Hmm..
Ass all chunky, brain is insanity.
Hoe bitches act up i turn chris breezy Hoes aint wana fuck a nigga back then you but all the bitches wana fuck a nigga now Hoes all on my bandwagon, your bitch gaggin, she jet laggin.
AP Hoes always blaming hoes for being hoes.
Hoes always saying niggas hoes but they be the hoes Hoes always tryna say they look like a celebrity ....
NO BITCH!!!
You like the other hoe that love on krenshaw sit yo basic ass down Hoes and dey hoe poses Hoes be bringing they friends around they nigga and they nigga end up fucking with the bitch friend and the bitch dont even kno Hoes be like Hoes be like..........But they be the hoes that be like Hoes be like my niggas cant have no hoes...
but that how he meet yo ass!
Hoes be making twerk videos.
Talking bout just playing around bitch you know you was serious Hoes be prayin niccas dnt kno dat background Hoes get in this bitch ...
Talk about irrelevant shit ...
Hoes gon always be hoes or have they hoe ways at least.
Hoes gon be hoes, let them be.
Hoes gone be hoes but thats none my business !!
Hoes gone be hoes.
Hoes hang wit hoes cuz dey got da same hobbies Hoes respect niggas who get strait to the point I wont lead a bitch on if all I wont is crash den it will be adressed clearly up Hoes thnk they won when the nigga thats ridin the fence start givin them a lil attention...
A wishywashy ass nigga?
Hoes will be hoes lol Hoes will be hoes nd ratchets will be........well u know Hoes will be hoes, Monday Saturday starting again Sunday after church services.
Hoes will be hoes.
Hoes will put With ya man as the location in their bio then get mad when you think they a hoe..
Hokis pokis bitch!
Hold up lebron aint at dwade wedding if he got uninvited for leaving Miami thats some hoe shit, see yall so quick to call some1 brother Hold up women leaving good men for some quotes they seen a nigga with no girl post on Instagram that he copied on google...u hoes crazy Holders Justice Department Isnt Interested in the Facts in These race hustling bitches are DISGRACEFUL.
Holy fuck they some bomb ass bitches at Bucees Holy fuck.
White bitch with 4 baby daddy straight goes who uses condoms anyways
Bitch maybe you should so youd stay outta the clinic!
Holy sheep shit I havent been on instagram in a coons age Im seeing pictures from like 20 weeks ago haha Holy shit the retard episode of Wheel of Fortune...
AGAIN.
And Ill fuck his bitch.
Prolly shot his ugly ass dog Honestly at this point I doubt Id fuck Miley Cyrus anymore that bitch is a mess.
Honestly if the most hoodiest ratchet bitch asked me to her prom Im in dere Honestly its enough bad bitches in the universe for everyone not including dykes Honkey ass bitch tryna tell me shit.
Hood niggas and bitches love emojis lmfao Hope yall kno wen u eat pussy u one inch away from death.
Hope you find a bitch with some ass that satisfies ya needs Hopefully this niggah buys my gamma 11s cause I want them Horny Japanese MiLF showers and toys her soaking wetpussy Horny MiLF in sexy lingerie has her old pussy pummeled by a harddick Horny cougar gets two cocks shoved in herpussy Horny mature babe in a kimono has her pussy fingered andfucked Horse racing, bitch.
How I beat up the pussy How Im supposed to know you not just a butch dyke if yeen got a beard, my man?
How Paul gonna pick up the ball after a score, and bitch to thevrefs and the Warriors bench without getting a T?
How are and I supposed talk shit about bitch ass now that he has a twitter?!
3 How are you gonna be a cunt to your friends How can I not take my style back from niccas when niccas was taking my style WAY before.....Preach How can a woman take u serious when youre a hoe?
I mean How can a nigga take you serious when youre a hoe?
Lol like..
So much cunts will illegally download it or go on itunes to get it.
Should be a fuckin hardcore cd, in shops only.
How can you say you dont want a nigga thats friendly but your pussy is like Casper the friendly ghost?
How come I wont pray but find time for a bitch How could you do this to me bitch!!!
How could you do this to meeeeeee bitch How da fucc we gone believe that you out here selling bricks wit some Dirty ass kicks nicca u aint sellin shit!
How did I get stuck with the worlds biggest cunt for a sister?
I just wanna set the cunt on fire and send her straight to hell How do I tell this cashier that Im tryna fuck her right in the pussy How do ask a broad to JUST eat her pussy?
Dumb bitch scares me How do you go to sleep at night bitch, if Im not the one sleeping with youuu!!
yo bitch whats up How do you photoshop yourself and still be ugly?
Thats like cheating on test and still failing...
Be ashamed bitch!
How filthy of a cunt is to pretend that Obama threatening amnesty is not vastly more egregious than Boehner on Obamacare?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
How many times you hoes look at my picture a day How mich time the P O P Hold It Down nigga bitch catch?
How my bestf gon call me People like ima regular niggah to her now smh .
How she stay faithful with a room full of hoes How tf you act like a bitch ?
How this ugly ass nigga gets more pussy than me ?
How u know u dont get real life pussy.
Only carin bout her enterin your DMs She can enter my DMs anytime How yall associate or even entertain that bitch ass nigga is beyond my comprehension How you cry like a bitch every time me other Chiefs fans have friendly debates?????
How you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
How you gonna use my name while you talmbout pussy tastes?
For 20 racks, Ill kill that hoe for breezy fam.
How you like them apples you pineapple bitch?
How you look like big bad mama but make fun of a pretty bitch wow where they do that at ?
How you rap but cant getcho bitch to ya music?
How you stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
How you unblock bitches on here?
Hows this bitch wearing high heals right now Hows work bitch Hugh Heffner gonna be on Life Support, STILL gettin pussy Hugh Hefner has lived the life that most of us men only dream of.
The man is 88 and still gettin all the pussy he wants.
Hull all yuh mudda cunt Six strikers set for The Clasico Humble personality, not a hoe.
Best nonphysical feature the opposite sex can have?
Hungry as ferkin nips Hungry then a hoe Hunkie is resorting to dick kicks Hunnit hoes in the house they all fckn Watch dog ass KB ball again.
Ion see a bih cause they broke as hell 2 places ain goin Broke or jail Hurry up nigga this the last key they dont kno where the fiberglass safe at to get in that bitch you need a glass key!
Hurry up nigga this the last key, they dont know where the fiberglass safe at, to get in that bitch you need a glass key!
Jus like certain niccas cant hoop or play football certain niccas cant hustle Hypocritical little bitch I CONFESS and IS THE who sneaks pussy in the night I AM paints your wife with I DONT FUCK WIT YOUUUUUUUU!
you lil stupid ASS bitch!
I Fucken cant stand little cunts that write a damn Essay on how the feel about something on Facebook.
No bitch stfu.
Your like 13 stay outa the based game.
I Was Down for A Minute , them bitches left a Nigga Them hoes forgot about me , like they neva met a nigga I absolutely love my Shanti regardless what we go through thats my bitch I actually get on with Erin and think shes really nice bit youre so two faced and bitch about her all the time...
I actually just hate the bitches on here I adopted these bitches I aint Finna sleep bitch its 8 oclock when you finish noddin meet me at the top I aint Neva care what ah bitch had to say bout me I aint a killer but dont push me.
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy I aint afraid to cut a bitch, or open a package or somethin.
I aint been to the fair since I was like 8 and I havent wanted to go since then either for some reason.
Too many niggers for me I aint bout to listen to this nigga rap about eating pussy I aint buying no pussy I got too many followers for that I aint cuffing no bitch thats out here posting sex gifs but maybe Im just different I aint cutting my hair for u hoes at hc I aint dont turnin up bitch I aint even know white girls had good pussy like dat eitha lbvs they too I aint fenna be locked up 23 hours a day beating my dick for a guilty MF who out here fucking free world pussy.
I aint going to movies, hoe we straight sexing.
I aint got time for a hoe tell her hop in the whip shut the Cadillac doe I aint no bitch no more, i got my license.
D I aint really trippin about the money yo that shit constantly comes like a bitch pussy I aint stressin you hoes.
Know dat I aint talking onna phone, butch we straight TEXTING.
Ion wanna go to the movies bitch we SEXIN I aint trying to fuck, bitch.
I aint mad at you bitches thats what hoes do I aint mad at you, thats what hoes do I aint never had a prob with no other bitch over a nigga if thts yo nigga cool im older enough too go find me another I aint no killa but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy I aint saying you a bitch, But you be acting like a female, dog.
I almost beat that bitch up.
I almost blacked out....
Little cunt was disrespecting my turtle....
I almost ran this fine red bitch over.
Then I realized people need to toughen up and stop being such emotional bitches I already done been exposed on Facebook by some hoe I already know Im about to buy so many bitches drinks tonight that Ill never fuck but lifes all about hits and misses.
Gotta take chances I already know Wilson gone hoe later on let me gone get my ammo I already know you trash if being tatted is on the list of things you want in a nigga..
I always felt funny about a chick calling me daddy.It sound sexy and all but bitch you need to go and find your dad...
I always listen to ghetto ass rap when I get ready for football games.
I always look like such a bitch I always love when and I vent about bitches I always wanted a bull dog them hoes clean fuck a pit I am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue.
Homos Heteros well I draw the line...
I am hungrier den a bitch I am legend in this bitch I am not your side bitch no more.
I cant listen to Joe bitch about things he did himself and tell half truths.
your viewers deserve better I am so damn done dealing with hoes with kids.
I am such a daddys girl its crazy I will drop a bitch in a second over my dad bro.
I am such a little bitch today I am such a pussy I am the real vampire nigger.
I am what u said I am but am aint no bitch I approve this message !
Good pussy is a mufucka.
I asked my two best friends to describe me in three words, I get back boss ass bitch and short, feisty, and Mexican.
I b so quick to dub a bitch its sad I b tryna remind these bitches ...
I knew u b4 dis social network fame I based niggas on how they bitch look I be chillin wit the bitches cuz a lotta niccas fake I be damn if i go ova dea n get my ass blown up i kno wat it look like bitch i play Call Of Duty frequently I be drippin in so much damn sauce, got bitches ready to lick it off I be joked out at half the broads on here that brag about how good they pussyhead game is...
I be like nigga yous a real mark ass bitch for that lol I be like...
bitch please.
lol I be lonely I have no hoes I be lying in got theses bitches like u on my fuckin mind...
I be try a log on to IG an like pics, but bitches dont be posting no pics....
I be using these fufu bitches I be waiting for a bitch to sneak diss , Im ing IDC I be waking niccas up lol I be waking up on some new shit like fuck that bitch shit I beat that pussy up up up up I beat the pussy up yg I become more of a bitch day by day I been getting bitches my whole life I been getting money my whole life I been getting money I aint worried bout a hoe I been getting money I aint worried bout a hoe I been getting money, I aint worried about a hoe I been goin thru some shit from my niggas to my bitch they lookin like they wanna switch I been in Atlanta 15 mins nd got 2 bad hoes numbers I been in this hospital since 6 Im just tryna stay awake for 2more hrs then I can sip this Dusse and party with the rest of the coons I been slackin on the ice game i needa cop a watch , so i can fuck me a instagram hoe press Block I been thugging theses hoes since preschool I been way to consistent on niggas , Im have to drop some trash to get appreciated I been with the same STUD for a year....That bitch, her attitude nasty.
I beg to differ on that lip bittin shit.
Dis bitch bit my lip nd tried to suck my blood.
Aint shit sexy about that I bent yo bitch over thats why you mad these niggas broke thats why I laugh I bet he rey go crazy ona bitch jack llab I bet if we took a twitter cencus itd be at least 35 basic ass bitches I bet that nigga got charged for murder for tha intro of Gucci vs Guwop cause straight killed that hoe!
I bet these bitches trying to set me up I bet u John Elway gets way more pussy than John Dorsey.
I bet we are gonna see 3 game loan player reviews too just because people are that much of a cunt I bet you think you a nochill savage huh.
Fucking faggot I bitch a lot but its coo I bitch can tell that Im addicted to pussy she lookin pass it I bought a 357 and went back to the neighborhood and busted that bitch!
I bought him a Sumblime shirt for his birthday too I kinda wanna be a cunt and ask for it back lol I bought hummus and broccoli.
I just need snacks and shit.
In to work n bitch said they might not want me to go back I can be a bitch and Im fine with that I can be very vengeful.
Dont be a cunt.
I can fuck yo bitch and you cant I can guarantee that 9 out of 10 of yalls bitches follow me.
I can just set that hoe on fire I can make a bitch famous I can make a dike say she leavin that lady..
I can make a lady say she leavin that pussy ass nigga that gave her that baby I can neva count my stash cause I always lose count.
I can neva keep no bitch cuz I put them hoes out I can not will not fuck with theses dawg ass hoes no more ...
I can see ya hoes all of em nothin.
I can taste loud n pussy on my tongue I can tell when certain and specific people are posting on a groupcorporate fbtwitter page by the consistent retarded hashtags I can turn a hoe into a housewife.
I cant STAND an ex that wont let go like bitch get a life aint nobody stuntin yo ass I cant argue with a bitch over a nigga...
All I can think is, What goddamn bitch was in your room to take a pic of you in bed with your shirt off?.
I cant believe that someone announced before the movie to the crowd that They came for the bitches I cant believe these ghetto fucks left this little kid next to me.
Hes now playing with fucking everything.
I cant believe this nigga told me to put nutella on a bitch before you eat her out I cant blow bubbles or whistle.
Im basically retarded.
I cant entertain these hoes or these broke niggas I cant even be away from my phone that long karlie right she is a crazy bitch I cant ever eat roast beef anymore without thinkin bout dark skin twat..
thanks a lot twitterig I cant express how much I hate sam, he is by far hands down no questions asked my least favorite character , so bitch made I cant fuck a scary hoe.
I cant fuck any ol bitch niggas be desert dicks out here I cant fuck with girls that talk about their pussy on social media...
I cant fuck with hoe niggas, I cant trust these hoes niether.
I cant fuck with you no mo hoe and Im sorry.
I cant handle when people give me an attitude, I dead them so quick.
Like why do you have to be a nasty bitch I cant never be no bitch nigga , thats how you get treated like a bitch I cant stand a Fag bitch like Fucc get out there make the MONEY I cant stand a snobby stuck up bitch I cant stand this fat bitch next to me, with her hairy ass legs kiss imik I cant stand to see my ex with another ugly bitch I cant take yo bitch if I cant see yo bitch...
I cant take you hoes serious because she everything a nigga need in a woman..
I cant talk to anyone but you can go answer little.phone calls from your little bitches on the low in the bathroom foh I cant tell if I want to fuck you or if I want to slit your throat I cant tell you the last time I seen 2 niggaz have a fight but I see bitches fight on video daily.
I cant trust a bitch I cant wait to turnup with my bitches .
I miss them I cant with these second class bitches I cant with this disrespect ass bitches I cannot be worried bout no bitch Cause I know a bitch could be somewhere sucking a dick ayeeee I cant fuc wit no bitch thats addicted to drugz I chase bread over hoes cause i never met a dollar i aint like I cheated on 10 of the bitches I had tf lol nobody even wanted to be all committed and shit I come wit the rocks on yu can get popped on, light yellow chevy same color as popcorn!
I copped a Uzi but I need some bullets for that bitch !
I could NEVER bring myself to fw a bitch or nigga that wears EVERYBODY else shit like um no YOUR BROKE bummy ya fuccing boof I could b out here like some of these chicks...in the streets slingin pussy for a couple dollars but im not I could blank all you sons of bitches out I could have so many bitches right now...
Lately they been loving Flee I could say my name butttttttt, ya bitch already knows it I coulda sworn I was the last bitch on tunchi ig I couldnt have no mama Joyce at my wedding.
What a grumpy ass bitch!
I cuff no hoes I curved yo bitch.
I cut you out of my life for a reason you stupid bitch..
dont follow me on twitta I dare a bitch to key my truck I definitely cant FW a nigga that associates himself wit bitches I DONT fw tf you fuccing Goofball I despise clichs...
you aint original bitch, you are a copy.
I did anything for my bitch now these hoes only get hard dick nbs I did everything but trust these hoes !
I did everything except trust these hoes I didnt go to school here Arizona full of ugly hoes All my crushes ended up ugly after high school damn shame I didnt even get to see my baby today.
Selfish bitch.
I didnt forsake all other bitches for my wife to be getting fucked on by another nigga.
I didnt know my nig GEazy had reached a million views on one of his songs, haha thats crazy I didnt wanna see your hoe ass pictures anyways.
Take care of your fuckin kids too.
I dnt let NOBODY borrow my shit i let My girlfriend got my sweats lol thas how u know she runnin shit...u otha hoes cant get a sock from me I do alot of fucking girl, but I dont fuck around...
I been in the same pussy since before MIGOS came out...
He tell me I aint no mo human den a monkey I do know one thing though, bitches they come they go.
I do the shit you bitches is too pussy to do I dog hoes not one but all hoes I dont keep friends they come and go , dont fuck with these bitches .
I dont be crying over stripper bitches that left me for dudes with money tho.
I dont believe in that frenemies shit who Wats to have a bitch like dat with u all the time I dont buy pussy cuz its free bitch I buy lacs!
I dont care how hot a bitch is, if her personality is shit, shes shit.
I dont care how old I am, when you put me in front of a bag of takis Ill eat that bitch I dont care if youre Gay, yeent bout to me calling me bitch and fish and thinking shit is sweet.
I dont even like girls doing that.
I dont chase no bitches, just chase my I dont even play flappy bird anymore because fuck him I dont fck wit those luvv...
whos pussy better then a crazy bitch?
Apparently thots I dont feel like all black people are niggers but if youre black and youre being a nigger, imma tell you, idc I dont focus on bitches, bitches focus on me.
Photography by patrickos I dont fuck wit bitches that listen to that EDM shit for some reason them bitches be havin mad energy and I like to chill I dont fuck wit hoe niggas I dont fuck wit these bitches cuz they think they slick I dont fuck with these niggas cause they shady I dont fuck with these bitches all they want is to have my baby I dont fuck with you iffy bitchesniggas.
Im either a pussy or troll.
Social media fucked up.
I dont get what standing on Ya tip toes does for these pics these hoes be taking I dont get why bitches blame the hoe their man cheated on them with..IT WAS BOTH THEIR FAULT,their boyfriend couldve said no I dont give a fuck about yo gal yo wifey or yo boo came here by myself bitch Im Tryna bone I dont glorify dis shit but bitch I am what I am and it is what it is!
I dont got no type, bad bitches is the only thing that I Iike I dont got that bad of a mouth do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt shooby de doo wop I dont have a wife she my bitch for the night.
If she was catching bodies then it might be alright I dont have an iPhone so I have to manually ignore these hoes I dont have another face other than my bitch face.
I dont have hoes Its a myth I dont have no type ..
Bad bitches is the only thing I like !!
I dont hit women but Id slap tf out a bitch.
No close fisted business though thats some cowardly shit.
I dont hold feelings for my old flings I jus trade dem bitches in like my old range!!
I dont kick it with fuck nights and bitches I dont know what hoe activities consist of bc I dont partake in them.
Shit its so many I damn near cant tweet without being a hoe I dont know why broads drunk dial me....Im sleep, hoe!!
Maybe it is a good quote and a good way to feel but Ive seen way too many petty lifedestroying bitches use that quote.
I dont like bat man though, I fucked his bitch twice.
I dont like that bitch.
I dont like you bitch so Im having a party all weekend my momma going out of town.
I dont live for you hoes man I dont love my hoes I love a couple not all I dont love these bitches OR these hoes fuck they thought?
I dont love you hoes.
I dont make music for niggas that dont get bitches I dont need no savin I need to get fucking high and get some pussy.
I dont owe you shit, bitch, leave me alone I dont pity or hate .
Sexual mutations are necessary side effect of .
BUT PROLIFERATION at 4 is a sign fucked UP I dont put nothing pass nobody when it comes money n pussy.
I dont talk to niccas I talk to god we can relate I dont trust no bitch ...
I dog em out I dont trust these bitches I dont understand how you can be such a bitch I dont understand when people say yea, my first time smoking I didnt get high
Cause damn that fuckin sucks bruh I was retarded high I dont understand why they mad at her making a track that spoke volumes about you muthafuckas.
All the hoe bitch tracks about females I dont want a bitch that a nigga already had I want sumn new ...
Or a runner its too easy nigga I accept the challenge I dont want a bitch thats erybody bitch !
I dont want me no good girl I fell inlove with these freak hoes I dont want no Philly disease lol Thot bitch I dont want no boof hoes or no burnt girls !
I dont want sex bitch I only want ya neck bitch lol I dont.
Light skin Bitches will have 30 unread texts still tweet Nobody to talk to ..
You bitches is outta control I donated both of my very expensive prom dresses to teens who couldnt afford to buy one.
Dont be a selfish bitch.
I done dun all kind of shit yall niccas just fills shit!
I done hit bout 6 threes out this bitch I done seen a lot of fake shit.
That bitch aint bad, shes basic.
I dont even say nigga i say nigger.
Im like Chuck Norris.
I say the nigger word without checking over my shoulder.
I dont fuck wit hoes or broke bitches I dont give a single shit who you are, if you wear a suit and white cotton socks I am just going to assume you are functionally retarded.
Bad bitches is the only thang that i like!
Cups with the ice and we do this every night!
I dont hide bitch im high when im in public I dont kiss none of these hoes I dont know a niggah that could cover for me I dont love these hoes .
I dont mess with sneaky ppl nd they hoe intentions I dont mind gay people but the flamboyant hey look at me Ima faggot kinda gays annoy me.
I dont say fuck bitches get money because i love em both I dont think ive ever seen a fight on the real world.
but damn!
that bitch swung I drag a bitch by her hair CAPTAIN CAVEMAN NNN!!!
I dream about having twin girls a lot yea karma I know its you bitch I dress how I feel, if I felt like a bitch id dress like one I drive by and them bitches waive but girl I cant stop I eat generic Oreos..
Baller with a budget bitch.
I eats the pussy.
I fear no niggah I trust no bitchhh..
I feel bad for all you bitches that have never been to Disney World I feel bad for her nicca tho ...
I feel bad having this info but at the same time , karmas a bitch, I feel every song I hear is a soundtrack to my life.
For 1 relationship against another??
Keep in mind, the last song was pussy control!
I feel like I got bitch slapped by karma.
I feel like I should be sad and all that pussy shit but I am just so pissed right now idk what Im feeling.
I feel like a bad bitch when I wear my rhinestoned pocket jeans .
I feel like a bitch that just got her heartbroken a day before her wedding I feel like a swag fag w this shirt lmao I feel like apart of the in crowd like yes bitch lets indirectly talk shit I feel like its gon be a homo revalution round dis bitch deez niggas expandin I feel like slapping a bitch I feel like that niggah Pac these bitches set me up.
I feel like this hoe owe me something .., I feel so alone.
I hate the white trash who raped and killed her and our daughters.
I feel sorry fo niggas dat gtta make up shit to lie about.
I would hate to have to think that fuckin much.
I feel sorry for mexican and Asian niggas, they got the worse shaped bitches on earth.
Its all you hoes and assholes thats the problem I fell in love wit my side bitch, crazy thing she wasnt even my bitch I fight for what I love, but you make something of bitches I think nothing of.
I figured that if hoes wanna play games, fuck em and leave em I find a new song I like and play that hoe way more times than I should lol..
Like bitch!
Stay in my shadows thank you lol I find it hard to believe ceelo raping hoes, its too easy to get them panties off when you successful I fink this catfish shit is funny afta all how can this bitch thinks that she was talking to bow wow doe I flipped dat pacc said fucc a bitch n went and did it again I follow sum bush ass bitches on here I forgot how white trash Texarkana was...
How the fuck does someone sing for 5 years and not progress at all?
I fuck alien bitches, demon and angel bitches, a couple of centaur bitches, got really drunk and fucked a dragon chick a couple times..ughhh I fuck bad bitches to stacy lattisaw, why you niggas balls blue like an avatar?
I fuck bitches better watch yah hoe I fuck with lux and his knowledge but mooks presence, delivery is connecting more to the people.
I fucked the bitch I used to dream about and coulda died when I came from disbelief.
Nah I dont wish to speak on her name that shit is weak I fucked the shit out yo bitch yesterday til she couldnt stand straight she called me earlier asking could she come and get a replay I fucked your little sister last night The pussy was right The pussy was tight I fuckedd your bitch than gave her a snack pack I fuckin hate this bitches voice OMG I fucking hate this fucking neighborhood, these fuckin bitches have someone over everyday ya3ne.
I fucking hate you niggers bruh...
I gain a few pounds a bitch look thickkkkkk I gassss on these niggas, I got gas for all these hoes I gave my aunt my tupac greatest hits CD , that bitch is lucky I love my tupac CD I get bitches on tinder I get gwop now that bitch remember me I get more nudes than all you bitches I get so deep in that pussy i touch the back of her soul!!!
I give my niggas hope and sell these bitches dreams!
I give off the Selfish little bitch vibe, but if you get to actually know me I tend to put others before myself 247 I gonna start unfollowing angry bitches.
Shit is mad depressing I got .05 of rain yesterday including the bird shit in my gauge.
I got 2 bitches if them bitches snitching then finger itchin.
shot em the kitchen, Makem wash the dishes.
I got 7 As a B on my progress report I still be touchin Bands bitch get like me I got 99 problems and a bitch aint one...
Shes all 99, I think I need a sub machine gun I got 99 problems but a bitch aint 1!
I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one, shes all 99 of em I need a michane gun I got 99 problems but a pussy ass bitch aint one I got California love fuckin bitches to that pop shit I got I.s.s Friday for refusing to give up my phone these bitches can kiss my ass cause there not getting it I got a Lambo, 2 doors.
2 seater, 2 hoes..
Yokohamas, no vogues.
Man that bitch beautiful.
I got a Spanish bitch, her name Nina I got a cousin thats rollin ...
Got a bitch in tha hoovers I got a gang of old ass drafts, all trash I got a main bitch I got new hoe love my Ak but I got my .44 I got a measly 506 followers on Instagram thats probably why these bitches aint takin me serious I got a missed call from your bitch I got a something that pays me 2 Hunnit every week , only real bitches kno how to manage money I got a surprise for you bitches I got a thick ass neck, tho.
17 12 or 18 on these hoes.
Cant zip my half zip fleece out this bitch.
I got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these hoes keep grindin on me I got bad bitches on stand by I got bitches geekin sneaking cocaina cross the customs I got bitches nervous like virgins flirtin wit uncle mervin I got bitches on my dick
They just aint here yet nigga I got bitches tho..
I got every reason to feel like Im that bitch I got good credit.
So my bitch credit gotta match mine I got hella hoes I got hoes I got fuckin hoes I got fuckin hoes !!!
I got hoes in different area codes I got hoes.
I got hoes.
I got hoes.
I got hoes.
I got lean I got work I got bands my nigguh I got money and hoes money and hoes I got more private tracks than public on my soundcloud.
but u no Pop alcoholic ass downed it I got my mind on my money, all I needs a bad bitch so I can ride round the city and spend this cash with I got my own legacy bitches, fuck yall legacy I got my own rhythm and stroke patterns when Im bout to nut, be still bitch.
I got no patience for hoes actin lame ima stop fuckin wit yo ass quick asl I got no pic up lines I stay on my grind I tell a bitch all the time bitch get in my car I got my 64 Ridin on Dayton spokes !
I got no respect for hoe shit I got so many horses , all the hoes say that its gorgeous ...
In tha air dats where my doors issssss I got some bitch ass coworkers.
They stay late they send emails that I left I got some lightskin pussy one time and the bitch damn near had me bout to propose.
Lets gooooo Teena bitch!!!
I got something for your ass, keep thinking Im pussy I got soo many funny pictures from yesterday bitches was fucced I got the streets in a head lock, I got yo bitch in a leg lock I got the streets ina headlock i got yo bitch ina leg lock i do not fuck with the fed cops!!
I got the streets ina headlock, i got yo bitch ina leg lock!
I got the streetz ina head lock...i got yo bitch ina leg lock!
I got these 5 dominican hoes that randomly hit me up every so often cant tell if they like me or tryna rob me.
Of hoes....
All up on my dick I gotta a bad bitch and all she do is bake cookies I gotta admit i used tell bitches everything they wanted to hear Bighead change my ways a lil bit I gotta bad bitch.
always n the mall wit her friends buying outfits I gotta big head yah bitch I think its crown sized I gotta bitch to suck my dick till I nut spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up aint that a slut I gotta bottle of liq at the crib when I get off Im hitting dat bitch bare...
I gotta get it while da gettin good my nigguh I gotta give De Blasio credit.
I guess I just come off as a bitch to people I guess bitches got it twisted and think Im weak or something..
Do I look like somebody you finna pick w?
I guess none of deez rappin ass niggas wanna throw dem bitches wit da big homie I guess that OH was a bitch I dont!
Ha I had 14 fags in the space ae 3 hours?
woulda won, but them hoes ran back the pick 6.
SHIT BE RIGGED YO!
I had a dream I was in 4th grade again with my class except as my current self and remember thinking youre crazy, you become a hoe, moron I had a dumbass dr do that on a c4, I was just like this dumb bitch I had liked this one bitch but, she always was in some shit causing some fucking drama I had the boldest side hoes, come out to me I front of my girl nd start touchin a nigguh I had to hug the block.
You bitches just wave at it I had to tell a bitch, I WANT THE LOVEEEEE I had to unfollow some crazy asian bitch earlier lol I dont play I had wack dick until I started messing with white hoes.
They stuck around let a young goon practice on em.
I hardly text back so these hoes love to phone me I hate a think she know how to out head type bitch foh I hate a Hacked at 20k ass hoe..
I hate a I used to talk to herhim nigga or bitch like foh hater we never talked u jus know em I hate a bitch that love a bitch that say she love a nigga too Confused ass bitch What you gon do?
Is you gay bitch?
Is you straight bitch?
I hate a dont get shit done ass nigguh I hate a extra ass bitch or an extra ass nigga .
I hate a nosey bitch like mind yah business I hate a ol fat disgusting Walmart working ass bitch.....
I hate a stuck up bitch.
Likeeee stfu.
You aint shit special.
I hate a trash bad bitch I hate a wishy washy bitch I hate all these industry fags.
I hope they all get the Nigerian Summer Flu I hate baldheadass bitches I hate bitch made niggas that think as soon as they get some pussy theyre bad ass.
I hate bitches but ugly andor fat bitches are the worst I hate bitches that fish for compliments I hate bitches that have attitudes all the time I hate bitches that wear those fake ass ray bans, theyre only 100 stop being cheap.
I hate bitches who thinks everyone wants their nasty ass like no youre not cute I hate bitches with bad eyebrows I hate bitches with thick eyebrows I hate bitches.
Thirsty ass bitches I hate drinking by myself.
Everyones so fucking boring now.
Fuck you guys, Ill be fun by myself pussies I hate dumb bitches I hate fat bitches I hate females that push their asses out as they walk.
You know you look like a retarded Flamingo, right?
I hate ghetto bitches with a passion..
I hate going to parties where really fat bitches go and act like theyre the shit because theyre at the party.
Like damn Nessie im here too I hate hoes I hate hoes who be looking all nice nshit with their hair and nails done, but they kids look like they BARELY survived a tornado I hate how girls bitch about
E V E R Y T H I N G I hate people who talk loud, ignorant ass mother fuckers and ghetto people.
I hate pretty bitches that chill with lame niggas I hate pulling into stores.
Niggas be staring like they never seen a bitch drive a car with rims and a system.
I hate pumpkin flavored items you other white bitches are crazy theyre nasty I hate ratchet country hoes Im ashamed I hate selfrightous Black bitches.
I hate selfrightous bitches in general but my people really get on my fucking nerve sometimes.
I hate stupid bitches who cry for stupid reasons I hate takin out the trash, I always be expecting a big ass dog to be in the alley or like a raccoon to jump out the dumpster I hate texting boring bitches I hate that hoe ...
She aint bout shit I hate that hoe oml I hate that my mom says she trying to move out here...
Like bitch the only reason your trying is because you dont have a place to live..
I hate that one random tear that comes out when you havent blinked like nigga stop being a bitch I hate that when I have assigned seats they sit me by the most annoying bitches in the whole class.
I hate the white trash cops who raped and murdered my infant daughters and son.
I hate these hoes that look thick from the front them she pass u her ass be missing I hate this cookie built bitch I hate those kids in your class that are always complaining and just being a bitchdouche to the teacher I hate tht hoe I make it SO hard just to talk, dont I?
Just a bunch of sexy bitches I cant have I hate txtn this niggah man lol I hate when I see a thick bitch on Instagram, then she show up looking like a teddy graham.
...No bitch I found him outside I hate when a bitch cant take a compliment Youre so pretty No Im not, Im ugly WELL SHIT, YOU UGLY THEN, DAMN.....
I hate when a bitch got fucked up teeth and she trynna smile in her pictures tf lmfao I hate when a girls all Im single and I do single shit be a lil thottie cuff me if you have a problem like bitch Ill RKO your ass I hate when bitches been thinking smh I hate when bitches be like I love him so much 11220123!!!
I hate when bitches get lame I hate when bitches keep saying yassss like like bitch u sound stupid stfu I hate when bitches only wanna talk to me is when their bf breaks up with them or theyre on break with their bf.
No nigga.
Fuck out my inbox I hate when bitches post pictures with other cute bitches and dont tag em in it.
Thats low key very selfish as fuck I hate when bitches say bro and bruh I hate when bitches think you expect something in return for buying them a cheap ass gift or food.
I hate when bitches try to talk shit with chipped nails I hate when black people try and be white so bad ...
Your a nigger I hate when cute ass girls have wack af boyfriends like bitch youre settlling.
Quit your settling and be with a real nigga I hate when girls say Im single but my heart is taken bitch, that nigga dont love you, hoe.
I hate when girls say Im single but my heart is taken bitch, that nigga dont love you.
I hate when girls say forever alone like shut up your forever a hoe not forever alone so shut up before I get your dick breath on me I hate when hoes try to play the wifey roll I hate when hoes tweet about hoes...?
Okay, that aint hypocritical I hate when i see a cold hoe tryna kick knowledge I hate when my best friend gets a new bitch and barely chills with me I hate when niggas come up to me and tell me they got this bitch off twitter or got her and it be a bitch I fuc wit lol smh I hate when people ask if I shoot up!!
I dont need that pussy shit to be bigger than you unswole niggas I hate when people call me mate.
Were not in England you fucking twat I hate when people have terrible coping skills and complain too much.
How about you stop being a pussy.
I hate when people just randomly stop talking to you like give me a reason bitch I hate when people organize plans and you end up reaching the destination before them...bitch dont ask me if Im here I hate when people tell me I have to many tattoos, and they make me look ugly.
Like bitch fuck you I hate when people tweef and then delete the tweets.
like yalls some hoes for that .
Im trying to read them I hate when ppl break up a fight like idc if they best friends, sisters, whatever let them bitches fight ctfuu I hate when ppl come to my house and make a mess in the bathroom, like bitch do I come to your house and play in the sink?
noooo I hate when those little white kids try and act black.
Like bitch YOU ARE WHITE I hate when white trash try to act like theyre my equal.
It only makes it that much clearer how white trash they are.
I hate yal Id delete my twitter if I had somethin better to do bitch ass niggas I hate you niccas!
Lol I have 0 hoes I have a bitch face and a bitch voice to match it so its kinda hard making friends.
I have all these EXTRA ASS unnecessary clothes cay wanna act like a lit hoe.
I have better things to do, like drive my yellow fucking Lamborghini I have finally come to terms with the fact I am at my highest bitch level when I dont eat!
this the day of rest bitches..
I have no hoes man.
I dont need those though I have no respect for people who cheat that shits just retarded I have officially earned my right to bitch about things for the next two years!
I have one more day of fucking school.
God nansemond is fucking retarded I have such a horrible perspective of time.
I think I might be retarded smh I have them bitches runnin wen dat pipe come DAMN I have to hide these bitches or my sister gets them and eats all of them I have to stop using bitch so often in my everyday conversations I have to tell you a secret, your a stupid hoe I have yet to understand why so many bytches getting the bull piercing?
Its called a septic or something like that ...
I havent been called ugly once my whole life tho guys who refer to women as bitches are so ugly to me lmao u disgust me I heard bitches commit sins for Chipotle I heard rumors of a vile, hideous, traitorous bitch named Pelosi parading around w illegal aliens while Vets get the shaft.
I heard she pops pussy on the low I heard them same pussy niggas hatin !
She sucked my dick soooo goood.
I hope i trip and fall into some pussy, tunechi I hope out making they moneyy..lol Aye...
whr da hoes at..????
I hope you all accidentally get a fat black bitch pregnant I hope you get eye cancer bitch.
I hope you realize that your both retarded I hope you wrapping it up!
Give that pussy a break!
All them niggas you fuckin, never been on a date I impress da young white girl next doe by taking out my giant negro thang and usin it to flip da hamburgers for da I jus wanna live good stay fresh and fuck bad bitches!
I jus wanna smoke, rub on a bitch booty n bump These Days...
I jus wanna watch this last episode of orange is the new black but Netflix jus wants to be a bitch I just be chillin tho ....
I dont fuck w hoes or hoe niggas so I dont know about how they operate ...
Just saw the baddest bitch driving a 2014 e350 amg coupe I just fucked an albino.
It was weird because it was like a white body impersonating a black voice.......
like Iggy Azalea I just getting started oh ya we got it bitch.
Beat the shit out dat pussy ass niqqa I just heard my mom go she is up v annoyed bitch the fuck you expect I slept for how long and now Im hungry bye felecia I just herd the most random and.
Da fuck is going on outside my windows...
Im not looking out that bitch.
I just love that tweaking hoe tweaking hoe song thats the only part I no wee be getting money so we ball out some sme sme I just might get to these riches I might go broke on these bitches I just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me drizzy lol I just read prolly 11 tweets from 11 different girls about how their looong relationship ended today..
Yo hoe will get SLAYED I just seen a hit bitch call a hit bitch ugly ..
that shit be funny ctfu I just seen the ugliest bitch in commercial history on Monday night football I just seen your main bitch I might fuck with her I just touched down on that pussy I just wanna fuck bad bitches I just wanna get lifted fuck exotic bitches!
I just wanna slap a couple of yall bitches I just wanna slit this mf throat I just wanna touch da bitch, fuck da bitch, Like a bud dont trust the bitch.
I just wanna travel the world with my bitches I just want a girl thatll be a hoe for me thats all I just want the bad hoes and I wanna reach the children I just want to beat the fuck out of everyone that stares at me like bitch STAHP I just want to punch you in the throat when you get my order wrong stupid bitch at sonic I just wish I had a girlfriend to come home to after a long night of fuckin wit bitches in the club I just wish some females would look in the mirror b4 they hop on social networks talk down on hoes.
I just wrote a dawg ass essay, was working on the bibliography my laptop froze.
Im kill a bitch if it gets lost, cause I hadnt saved it.
I keep seeing hoes call other hoes..hoes I be confused I keep the baddest hoes, stay fresh from head to toe I keep these hoes in check until they bounce I knew a New Orleans nig would say something crazy lol I kno its upside down cunt I know I talk a lot of shit but bitch best believe I can back that shit up.
I know If I dont move out by next year my mom gonna bitch at me the whole time I live with her I know OG niggaz and bitches I know Outback when I see Outback, hoe.
I know a lot of using ass hoes that just want bread an wheels from nigga go grind bitch I know bitches be mad as shit when they friends borrow their clothes its a bunch of girls in her IG comments sayin how cute the outfit is I know bitches who sell pussy for 3.5s I know how it feels to not have shit, believe me.
It dont get anymore ghetto than that I know im not the only niggah that saw that I know righttt I hate fat loud bitches I know shit about everybody , I just dont care enough to speak on it but I suggest you bitches watch it forreal .
I know some ratchet bitches and they rep the North side I know that karma too real, so I hope you doing cool..
but still stupid ass bitch, I aint fuckin w you.
But still stupid ass bitch I aint fuckin with you.
I know these hoes I know these niglets heard me screaming I know this one hoe on twitter right now thats catfishin shit !!!!!
I know when Woods, Kofi and Big E were forming up, R.Truth was like Aint that a bitch I know when bitches discuss me in a group message the words asshole cute and douche bag are abused excessively I know yall bitches tell yall selfs what would hustlelinaa do cuz yall asses stay following me I know you bitches is hating on the low.
Its way more niggaz in this world that can afford it.
I know you seeeeen my faceeeee gon send a bitch maa wayyyy I knows yall white folk only be playin wit me.
I colored and I knows my place I knw these bitch niggas frm way back...
if u was ah pussy in 2000 u ah pussy now!!!
I l8v3 fuckin wit this nigga he getting all emotional he remind me of my bitch is that you Blake 50 I laugh at this bitch I learned that every bad bitch comes wit mood swings just like mortal kombat, Liu Kang, so true mane I let all of em go...
If u got two hoes u need to let one go I let hoes make it too much I lied the fair isnt the only place Reno girls dress up like cowgirl sluts NITC hash tag bitches I like Chinese buffets but I hate all the chinks I like a cool bad bitch.
She know she sexy but her attitude is like ehh whatever I like a hoe that like a hoe just for my amusement I like all the kids on beyond scared straight acting like they are hard ass gangsters end up leaving balling their eyes out like bitches lol I like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too I like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too hay stunna I like bad bitches thats my fucking problem I like beamers benzes and porches, i like my bitches imported I like being teased, dont give me the pussy too fast I like bitches that like bitches I like bitches with I like chilling with your bitch and I like fucking her.
I like herbal tea bitches no matter if anyone else does.
I like how cays mf ass favorited my tweet but didnt text me bacc hate that hoe.
I like how niggas try an come at me and im like do it then bitch and they dont do shit.
Pussies I like it when you call me McSully I like when bad bitches pour honey on my silky body its not even the 90s I like it.
Folks act like the word negro is the equivalent of porch monkey or spear chucker.
I like taking niggas hoes but I stop doing that I like to butt fuck fine ladies.
Will I choke hold a bitch?
I live in the fast lane bitch I look better on your bitch than her outfit on my floor I look like Denzel when I tilt my head to the side too bitch I looked retarded I lose OVO followers every year.
100 bitches unfollowed me because of my Hold On Were Going Home rants.
A HOE ATHEM is a hoe anthem I lost all my respect for my brother cause you acting like a straight up bitch I lost it.
you paper bitch!
and I fell on the bed and I fell off the bed and I slept on the floor.
I lost partners , bitches , money...
But I never lost my mind I lost something more important than myself last year so EXCUSE ME for being a little selfish bitch I love Asian bitches I love German.
I wish Nansemonds bitch ass had it I love a bitch with racks of her own I love all my bitches.
And Im ridin for all my bitches no matter what.
I love all people for who they are but theres this one fag that goes to my school that can catch a ninja star to the face ASAP I love bad bitches I love bad bitches it my fucking hobby, and yeah theyre on all fours like a fucking doggy..
I love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem.
I love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem forreal real shit i cant even help it I love faggots!!!
Absolutely love them, especially the ones that can dress to the tea I love fat bitches I love fat bitches.
Thats my fucking problem.
I love flirting with money dont no other bitch get my time or my eye I love fuckin wit people.
We talk about them in Spanish as the rednecks stare at us and reconsider .
I love how Everybody bitches about heat fans when we win but if they lose all the haters are 10x more obnoxious I love how bitches be talkin how the single life is the best life then bitchin and complaining how they need a boyfriend I love how hoes be like omg warped tour yayyyyy I love how my brother actually tries to understand his girl and see her point of view when they argue instead of being a bitch about it .
I love how people use twitter to just bitch an complain I love living in Minnesota.
The weather is bad enough for people to bitch about it but we dont have anything serious.
Stay safe east coast I love me some fresh pussy, all you can eat buffet.
I love money fuc a bitch I wont stress myself !
Im on the field dem bitches in the stands!!!
Nope bitch you got an ugly ass sweater I love this bitch , hes dear to my heart.
I love this ho I love to eat pussy!
I love to feed the pussy I love when girls pass up the guys who want Something real and to treat them right for the guy who just uses em cuz then they bitch about it I love when my friends let me use their phones to stalk the bitch that blocked me on Facebook.
Then it sucks monkey nuts I love when people bitch about athletes being payed to much.
Like theyd turn down millions
What the fuck ever!
I made ya bitch sicc wit that one I made you bitch I make bitches fly like Peter Pan do I masturbated into the lingerie catalog out of spite.
I mean I like to get nasty but tooting my ass up in a bitch face aint in my freaky zone I mean if a bitch whilin out, she gone get knocked tf out I mean if she a cunt, then she a cunt.
Its 2014 bitch.
I guess I start using this again, since faggot Facebook blocked me for saying mean things to lady gaga I meant bitch niggas I might freak the bitch, but dont need the bitch I miss Britt god damn bitch real nigga over here baby I miss having Jihadist bitches in my crosshairs...
I miss her but I cant bitch I was the one who fucked up, whatever I miss my fag friends I miss my flip phone ..
That bitch never died I miss you being a wee cheeky cunt to me, sad times I missing something of my ofay friends.
Dont chu worry...ol Lamar say you like da colored folk I moved that niggah anyways.
I must be a bitch I must have pissed this nigga off aha um, because he my hoe he acting OUTTA line I name my niggas after nba playersmy nigga larry bird is a strait fuckin I named my dick the truth Cuz bitches cant handle it lmao I named my penis The Truth because bitches cant handle it.
I need a Belgian waffle and a couple bad bitches I need a bad bitch thats gon treat me good I need a bitch I need a bitch I need a bitch to drop it down for me lol I need a bitch to go down like I need a beat I need a bitch to top me till I get sleepy I need a girl from Jamaica I cant fuck with these basic black bitches I need a new bitch I need a trippy bitch I aint wit that cute shit I need me a bitch I need me a real loyal ass bitch I need one of those research street signs near usaa .
Hang that bitch above my bed lol I need some good pussy, fuck I need some new hoes I need sum hoes ah sum, cuz I wake up all I have is hella emails but not a Goodmoring or goodnight text.
Shit not even a single text I need to change myself first.
Im retarded as fuck I need to chat with .
Lol I need to jump in the shop on fritag for 72 beers, hate looking like 20 odd..
I need to get 120 fags tae, going to look like a junkie I need to re up on some hoes I need to stop being a little bitch lol I never had any friends the entire time I lived in .
I hope those white trash Southerners all die.
I never played a bitch...
But bitches most definitely played they self I never put no hoes b4 my bros I never seen a Asian or Chinese bitch pregnant ..shit I throught they kids just spawn like call of duty I never thought you could irritate me like.
Please stop being a fucking bitch.
I once tried to be everything this bitch said she wanted in a man...
That shit didnt get me anywhere.
I only bring up lat name to the hoes I know with kids because they need to know I only fuck with bad bitches Im stiff I only like women whos pussy smell like burnt cheese I only respect bitches that respect theyself.
truu I only wanna see bad bitches on snap chat I ont care cuz I got hoes.
Dats rite I got plenty of em I ont like no dramatic bitch so I just separate myself n shit I ont like that game wit that retarded ass bird I ordered 8 chocolate chip cookies this bitch gave me fries smh , I couldnt even take the shit back because I was gon be late for work I phone 6 cool but basic Im girly bitch so dry n plain I picked Welbeck for my team.
I have to be some kind of cunt yes I plan on eating this entire motherfucking pizza I just ordered like a mufucka, bitch.
Damn coon.
I pull hoes tx.
I pull up in a gimme yo bitch I put her pussy on the map!!!
I put it ona bitch make her bang ma set I gave this hoe dick , I came I left I rarely drink so drunk bitches irritate me I realized Tacal is a bitch I really am always there for my bitches and they know that .
I really be baggin bitches with no problem in basketball shorts b I dont know if its my smile or my cologne or maybe its just my swag idk I really cant stand while people slander shit 90 trash I really committed to fucking with the richest of bitches I really dont be pressed for bitches on social media...
I really dont like that nigguh Paul tho I really get upset when my lightskin friends have another cute dark skin sidekick..like Im supposed to be the only cute darkie u hang wit I really hate a fat bitch cause Im bony ,love smoking hella Swishers when Im feeling lonely try mevoice I really hate being a bitch to people, but at this point I no longer give a fuck I really hate when I dont get a response back to a text message.
Like a bitch aint see it or sum I really hope you and Cameron dont get back together you can do so much better than that ...
dont call her a hoe I really just did some hoe shyt, but just so u know im only a hoe for mr.
I really just wanna brake your fucking head in but Ill look like a bitch if hit you.....
I really just want to kill some towel head terrorists already can high school be over now please?
I really think ppl defending Cassidy throw on Hotel at the crib when bitches are comin over I really wanna have a talk about life with the fuck her right in the pussy dude while smokin a blunt before I die I really wish I owned a rocket launcher to use on every retard driving in front of me today I refuse Damn bitches are always talking shit about Draya!
I refuse to raise a child in this bitch ass country.
I remember 2 of my friends had this and I was jelly Had this bitch you couldnt tell me SHIT bruh I remember me duddy was arguing he gon say shut up bitch thats why you raped me !!!
just childish I remember them bitches lmaoo I remember when Milz drunk ass fell asleep while we where all playing Gears smh.
What a fag I remember when bitches wouldnt let a nigga fuck for like 3 months now its 3 days or so I remember when it was watch out for her, she has cooties!
Now, its stay away from that hoe, she has herpes.
I remember when this lil bitch caught me slippin n had me get ina car an 2 mins later Im lookin at this nigga holdin a gun in my face.
I respect any nigga that tell me he got a bitch , so I fall the fuck back no hating I ride around with , so all them bitches can see me I roll a blunt better than the bitches in Havana !
I salute to the hoes who kno they places...
other than that bitches miss me I saw so many basic bitches just picking up my school schedule I kinda wanted to throw up tbh.
I say K.Michelle is manly because she doesnt act like a lady.Shes too foul at the mouth and violent.Ill have to beat the bitch.
I see you fuck bitches.
I fuck bitches also.
I see your tweets bitch!
Lmfao Von kick me to the curb I should call n curse her ass out I seen Scooby hoe some niggas at the gardens too I shoot at the pussy, I bust in the pussy Im cuming too sooooooooooon I shot a stripper because hoes keep stealing my tacos.
I should be in jail its a crime hoe I kill these beats I should be the only nigga my bitch texting right now I should gt a scurl on.deez hoes I should probs shave my spic stash soon, its kinda getting out of hand I shouldve fought you when I was over there if only I was myself and I havent popped that talking about u only need two hits bitch please I shouldve thrown a whole roll of pennies and made her month that bitch.
I show love to everybody not on joe time i just hate stuck up people thats hoe shit I slam duunkk hoes cuz I cant lay up I slept good thenna bitch tho I smell I smell I smell, pussy I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass, faster than the fat bitch who sat down to fast.
I sound retarded but he is learning quickly!
Missed the fireworks and all before I realized I didnt have any hoes..
I spy a couple thirsty hoes on insta.
Scare the bitches I start Garfield Monday ..
Yeahhhhhh lil bitch I stay away from bitches that be insecure, I be wildning out in public say Im immature.
I still cant get over some of these retards going ape shit over this iphone 5, makes no sense to me whats so ever.
I still hate the bitches at the , miserable hoes I still see plenty basic bitches with iPhone 4s.
I still think snap chat for faggots and High Schoolers I stopped snapping on women and calling them bitches.
I swear I got that shit that make the bitches go insane I swear I hate when Im somewhere and a woman catches my rubberband that clearly says KAPPA ALPHA PSI and ask me am I a kappa.
Yes bitch lol I swear I heard that bitch creak I swear I needa go on n go back to the old me because bitches think its a game apparently.
I keep no other bitch on my radar....
Bout to start reading my own damn meter I swear a nicca sleep but im up ..
Tired as fuk!
I swear aint nothing worse than a bad bitch that lost it I swear bitches is looney I like a pic ...
Im fucking that bitch I swear bitches wouldnt have nothing to worry about but they dont know how to shut the fuck up.
I swear dis hoe doinv this grown n sexy challenge look like a lightskinned gremlin.
bitch you dont know my intentions you just think you do I swear girls with good pussy think thats the answer to everything I swear ion see how broke niccas still out here gettin pussy smh I swear nobody actually cares about Valentines day unless they are single jaded and want to bitch.
I swear nobody can complain about hoe early they have to wake up to go to work.
Because nobody wakes up at 2AM to get ready I swear ta god nigga all deses hoes want is a YRN ....
I swear these anon fags go to protests just to take pictures to post to Twitter.
I swear to god some hoes look like they take the same exact picture everytime.
Change it up for once godamn.
I swear yall broads with a new bitch every month....I cant even get one girlfriend.
Maybe something is wrong with me I swear, new bitches here me rap and its a WRAP !!
I take a bitch home give her long dick I take full pride in the ass my momma has so blessed me with.
Her yellow ass got back for years I take it Notre Dame is still trash.
I take shots wit no chaser I get bitches I dont chase em I talk to these bitches like I really do care.
I tell a bitch I dont love shit fuck somethin I tell bitches I got that I.T.S IKE TURNER SYNDROME I tell the 5th bitch to get the 6th bitch to to have the 7th bitch bring more.
I tell the baddest hoes beat it unless you gone strip I tell the truuuOoooth...
That bitch is ugly, yeah her aunt, and momma too.
I tell this bitch followback.
She RTs me saying followback.
Then doesnt followback.
Blocked like fuck I tell u this tho, ifwhen u nigger women start getting cornrows again...mannn just dont do it I text my ex my new bitch pussy wetter I thincc Im a pretty average bitch ya know I think I broke a rib when I fell in that ditch, turning into a pussy?
I think I figured out where white trash Americans come from the rural parts of Europe.
I think I just gotta accept the fact that all these bitches gonna be hoes til they around the age of 27 and life will be a lot easier I think I killed a chipmunk but that son of a bitch was fast.
I need to check my tires.
I think Im a bitch tonight I think Im having my guy period today.
I have been such an emotional bitch heh heh heh I think a lot of bitches dont smile in their selfies because their breath stinks and they dont want to steam up their front cameras I think ai havent looked at a cloud in a whole minute cus them hoes moving fast asf rn.
I think all dem hoes on LAHHH regular....
I think all yall losing yall niggas Cuz the season changed yall seasonal hoes I think dat called me a nigger!
I think every bitch wit a tongue piercing suck dick im just being real I think its funny how hoes talk bout being faithful.
I think these bitches tryna set me uuuuhhuuhhhhhp I think this nigga retarded G I think women will forever find a way for a guy to be thirsty tho just so they can feel like thier pussy has some value.
I think you a fat bitch if I never see Ya body on the TL and you got nothing but neck up avis I think you fuckin wit the wrong niggah I think youre in a bad mood from munching on hairy pussy.
I think youve made it clear that these hoes aint loyal I thought I love this bitch to the core I thought it was Legal to beat yo hoe!
I thought it was bros over hoes , guess not I thought that bitch was trynna line me I titty wrecked ya bitch.
I tld that hoe 2 wrongs dnt make a rite now she wanna sing I told my mom she eats cereal ugly she gon say your a rude little bitch I just thought I should let bitch know I told that bitch IDGAF about a Benz, bitch!
I told that chick tell the truth, if you the realest bitch i ever met then show me some proof I told that little bitch ass nigga, do it look like Im about to eat your gun charge?
Ill slap you and your hoe ass lawyer.
I told yall he was going to do that shit u.
pussy boy I treat my bitches with respect I tried calling my sorry ass cousin for her 27th bday.
But the hoe aint answer like always.
She too big time these days lol I try and get back into anime but I swear every show revolves around either teenage girls, or the boys who are too pussy to talk to them I try to pass him up, get in carpool passing him hes just looking at me like Im playing a game do I waved hi idgaf dont fuck w me bitch I turn Cassey to a nasty hoe Rihanna to a classy hoe I turn bitches gay, they think all the other bitches can fuck like me.
I turned on the BET awards for 10 seconds, and got to witness random bitches getting drunk, and DWade dancing to RKelly.
I use to wanna fuck that bitch but not no mo!
I used to think that bitch was bad ...
I wake up every morning wishing a bitch would.
pussy an cinnamon rolls I wanna apologize for being such a bitch the other day..
I wanna be around bitches have fun I wanna be someones bitch ass boyfriend right now .
But that just me head playin games on ya boi I wanna buy my bitch every bag I wanna cut my hair but Im too busy being a bitch about it.
I wanna eat the fuck u talking bout then bitch!
I wanna experience that late 30s early 40s pussy I wanna get this hoe on my arm with a diamond coming out of the cloud..
I wanna see some ass clapping, legs shaking, i wan see a bitch get on they head fa dese BEATs...
I dont like depending on people.
Makes me feel like a bitch.
I want to beat this bitches ass soooo bad I want to paint but faggot wont paint with me...
I want to square up with all these hoes.
I want yo bitch I go get her I smashed er now she wont let up I was a huge tomboy.
Like, I had barbies, but only because my ninja turtles needed bitches.
I was a made nicca when I was a young nicca I was at a red light on decatur lake mead some bitch that knew me was too happy to see melike bitch was finna get in my passenger seat I was at my bf grandma house today goin through old albums and his grandpa had naked pics of his side hos from the 50s I was damn near flossing with the bitchs tampon string.
Awful Have anything stopped you from eating pussy?
I was eating my mom gon say damn calm down TF bitch I am CALM I was feelin her About a week Agoooo, Now?
She just a silly hoe....Silly hoe I was getting to the business while you was chasing the bitches I was given the same number as Mean Joe Greene in high school but was never as tough as that son of a bitch.
I was gonna put I wanna eat the pussy like a Saiyan in her mentions but theyre savage enough.
I was grown by the time I turned 16 wit only my grandma nigguh I was gunna eat the pussy but Im on a diet !
I was in the 9 grade and this bitch said something and I went off about her momma and her.
She was like Im adopted I was in the club and there was this good lookin bitch.
I was confused smh I was kidding guys I dont have hoes, dont let lie to yall.
I was literally trappin when Drake dropped that Take a bitch from any nigga, thats what we do!
I can taste the Hennessey now I was lookin like when dem niccas told me dat shit I was playing music in the kitchen and now my mom keeps asking Tony Why give a bitch your heart when she rather have a purse?
I was smoking a blunt outside and these nasty country bitches jumped into the lake , naked that lake is nasty as fuck I was such a pussy back then lol like its crazy I was trying fuck something today and this bitch want lie talking bout his brother was on his phone.
Lmfao I feel played.
I was with a bitch with a mustash for a year and a half?
Wtf is wrong itch me I was working hard as a bitch today, i deserve a reward.
I wasnt born last night I know these hoes aint right I wasnt born last night, I know these hoes aint right I wasnt born lastnight , I know theses hoes aint right I wasnt calling you a faggot, but you are one lol.
I watched one and a bitch holding the camera said yall need to hurry up...my batterys about to die!
I well fuck yu too bitch !
I went from smart car to a bitch with some smart lips.
I will beat a bitch ass tf I will eat these hoes alive I will literally never get home, this shit is retarded I will not leave my nigga but you can be my bitch too I wish didnt block me long ago for calling him a pussy so I could call him a pussy again and get blocked a second time.
I wish I could punch the 14 year old me for being such a thirsty bitch I wish I had a reason to buy a suit for a wedding but clearly bitches dont know what those are.
I wish I never met that bitch bro on god I wish I smoked so I could hit more smoker loser hoes I wish I would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass I wish Tinder would quit showing me all these broads with that retarded L gesture.
I wish Young Thug made past me the hookah and kept garbage ass tyga out that bitch I wish a bitch COULD I wish a bitch would I wish a nigguh would try this clown shit in w.o.h.s I wish alot more females would tweet about sucking dick.
Im tired of me and Twitter niggas tweeting about eating pussy.
I wish bitches would be straight up wit their friends and tell em they look ugly when they really do and not say they cute smh I wish everyone I knew wasnt a faggot a try hard or a sketchball I wish faggots like would stop making music, rack city was fucking awful.
Get the fuck outta michigan.
I wish hoes didnt bore me....I wouldnt have this problem and would shop at hoes r us every day...
I wish my bitch ass mother would give me my 5grand for.child support, fuckin bitch I wish my brother would stop bringing dirty bitches in my house I wish people could just be straight up with me.
Dont be a fake bitch to me because Im not a fake bitch to you.
I wish ppl would learn how tf to stay out my business Im a grown ass man .
Mind your damn business bitch I wish twitter had a stalk this bitch button I wish ya nighas stressed ya kids like ya stress these lame bitches.
I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish a bitch would..
Cept she already did, gonna have to handle this I witnessed Ace hoe soo many niggas at the gardens growing up Im talking strong armed hoein too I wnna go to ihop bitch I woke up and she was already pregnant, fuck dat bitch I woke up in a bed full of bitches that I aint eeeen fuckin I woke up in a bed full of bitches that I aint even fuckin I wont do nothin with the bitch she cant even get me hard I wont say how many bitches I fucked but i might say how many 100s I touched I wont trust a bitch I wonder if Philly fans arent aware that they are complete cunts, or they ARE aware, but are just ok with it.
GOPer doubles down on wetbacks but backpedals on shoot on sight I wonder if that bitch dead yet I wonder if theres ever a day in my sisters life that shes ever not a complete and utter bitch, or if she saves it special just for me I wonder if twitter didnt allow pictures and avis how many followers yall would really have ...
Cus yall bitches dont be talkin bout shit I wonder when twerking dies, what will all the hoes that became World Star famous lives be like?
I wonder where all these bitches I got at ?
Either a hoe dat let a few of them niggas beat to no avail, or a bitch nigga who hoe let a few of em beat I would call you a bitch, but thats frowned upon.
I would commit the rest of my gay life to being a complete 100 submissive bottom if I could be Zac Efrons bitch.
I would def call Dwight a cradle robbing faggot if I were Kobe.
I would leave my crib and go somewhere but Im pretty sure Ill die cause if my bitch ass car sliding everywhere I would like to apologize to anyone I have called fat, stupid, gay, nigger, jew or retarded.
Fags I would love to give this bitch some act right juice lol I would love to not be hit with the jig for once in my fucking life I would never fight a nigga for vagina...thats what hoes do lmao I would never hit a woman but I would slap a hoe I would probably still feel bad if you werent such a bitch about it...
I wouldnt be acting like a crazy bitch if you just told me what the hell goes on in your head I wouldnt fuk a lot of u bitches ..
Them bitches would eat me alive...
I wouldnt want my girl showing her goodies to every niggah IM THE MOTHER FUCKIN TYPE SHIT is a joke about RIGS Im tough, ambitious and I know exactly what I want.
If that makes me a bitch, then okay.
Ill gladly be a victim Then im a felon A bitch over 200lbs riding ur face is attempted murder Im logging out ah man The bartenders be sellin pussy too?
I thought only the strippers sold pussy.
Id put a bullet in that bitch...
Id drive me crazy to have to be at that ghetto ass school everyday.
Id have to go off on a bitch Id hit a Kardashian she threw money at me bruh somebody would have to pull me off that hoe idgaf who she is.
Nobody to me anyway lol Id kill a bitch to be able to cuddle right now.
Sucker for the stupid shit.
Id like to see someone try to hit me off.
Jokes on you bitch, I dont have internet!
Id rather be at school improving my life than sleeping at home Id rather have a flat bitch then a bitch who cheats Id shut the fuck up or Ill just be wide and batter any boy you ever go out with haha.
Im a cunt, so wit?
You cani do shit to stop me...
Ill NEVER let a broke bitch influence me Ill always remember feeling like I was no good.
Ill be a bitch if I have to.
I dont like to be, but fck with me and itll happen.
Ill be a dick if you wanna act like a pussy.
Ill be damned if a nigga wife a hood hoe..
Ill be stripping off layers of clothes the instant we get back to the gate.
Its hot as Satans pussy on this sonbitch Ill be that lmao pussy Ill beat some pussy up right about now Ill break any bitch nigga down, I dont care about your size.
Ill call u bitch for short Ill eat ya pussy like a savage, but once you put ya nasty ass feet in my face my socks and drawers already on and Im out Ill fuck a bitch real quick Ill get so much pussy.
Ill go to class the last 30 minutes of that hoe Ill have these bitches havin babys every week Ill keep all comments to myself about tho....
Ill just laugh about it with my nigs Ill live my life the way I want bitch Ill pay yall niggas to get lost, how much yall hoe niggas gunna cost Ill quit being a bitch when you quit being a fake friend.
Ill round up my hoes in a little bit Ill start at the butt and work my way to the pussy Ill still let the plastic bitch do her dollar .
Ill stop drugs, alcohol, fags, sluts for you.
Ill walk away with your money and leave a tip for your bitch Im walk into my local convenience store the clerk says what up, girl?
white trash.
Im 26 you bitch Im HUNGRY I wont give a bitch a time or day.
Im trying take care business Im Rick James bitch!
Im Totally tired of being Saudi Arabias bitch...
Im Tryn tell yall brah, I went wit a slut n could not stop da bitch frm boppin dat shit scary Im Tryna turn Ms to Bs in this bitch!
Im XXX triple x rated bitch Im a VIPPERloid bitchP Im a bad bitch!
Im a big bitch and 4 is the GOAT Im too lazy for 4.
Im a bitch Im a bitch because My family life is fucked My love life is fucked My social life is fucked Just my outlook on life is fucked Im a bitch nigga?
And Im like so serious.
Im a bitch now ?
Im a broke hoes dream , rich hoes cream !
Im a broke hoes dream Rich girls cream !
Im a pull up, eat on that pussy, and dip Im a purple headed cunt Im a stretch that pussy out Im a twat Im a wigger Im about to get this bitch a cell mate Im about to hit a bitch Im about to jog higher this stupid bitch ass hoe saab1 Im about to push this niggah off my seat trying to squish me and shit Im about to spray perfume on your bitch because if I have to look at trash,it might as well smell decent Im about to start a bad bitch mentoring association bc GIRL YOURE A BAD BITCH DONT LET ANYBODY TELL YA OTHER WISE Im about to start calling out people and why they do retarded things Im addicted to IG, Twitter just my side bitch Im already tired and mr stupid af decides to show us a video on trigonometric notions so um yeah I just wanted to say youre a hoe Im always dumb too a extra slow ass bitch Im asking this boy questions like he my bitch Im at home throwing up taking care of my kid.
Im back bitch Im back bitches Im back bitches 3d back in effect its on tonite Im beating bitch jay jay ass when I see this nigga .
I really ova here dead tho Im beginning to thincc my brother is defiantly into fat Mexican bitches....?
Eugh Im bout to be.back on my old shit I miss my hoes texting me saying they wanna come see me Im bout to delete you thirsty hoes, all over the same twitter nigga thats a nobody yall look sooo wack Im bout to get this bitch a cell mate Im bout to hop off this hoe they Tryna get on my ass Im bout to start singing and shit lol hoes going crazy or this nigga August Im boutta deck this bitch in the face .
Im boutta merk a nigguh Im bringing booty back.
Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that.
Im busy what Im tell all hoes who played me to the side ....
IM BUSY Im cold as a bitch and dont even need a fleece, and if she a bad bitch tell her drop to yo knees.
Im coming for that no 1 spot nigguh Im crazy poke out your eyes, slit yo clit, you give a shit cuz Im the shit Im cute with or without the makeup eyelashes yall bitches depend on that shit Im dat nigga that these hoes just cant stand...
Aint no bitch in me, or is stupid written over me Im done wit this cheer team all these bitches are Literally BRAIN DEAD.
Somebody girl gettin fucked tonight Im fasho in that hoe then!
Im fine af in that hoe Im finna quit this bitch irratating me frfr Im sick of this shit let me start job huntin now Im finna start slapping bitches Im flexin on these bitches all gold bottles no Bombay Im flexing on niggas and they bitches Im flipping thru the tv saw the bachelor on stooped for a second and all I can say is all them hoes garbage Im from so I know its bad but...bitch, it aint like you live in Englewood!
Im from Long Beach California...
so people automatically think Ima badass, or a bitch....
hahha Im fucking around with two bitches but i never made those hoes my mistress Im getting spanked in fantasy he beating my by 100 because of this damn New England game Julian eldman trash Im getting tired of you telling what the fuck Im doing every time Im doing something lol.
peckerwood guy Im glad Ari know to text me or get in contact with me cause Ive been calling my bitch all day.
Im glad that after telling me how much of a basic bitch I am, also admitted to being basic.
Im glad to see that broads are still into the faggot look when it comes to picking dudes.
Im glad you hoes aint my momma Im goin big, bitch, suck my dick Im going thru it my bitch aint even my bitch she let the whole team hit Im going to be an ugly niggah for Halloween so I can just be myself.
Im going to punch a bitch if my cleats dont come in Im going to sell my iPhone and both my Macs, I dont support faggots.
No BFFL, no bitch, no nigga, just me...
Im gonna go ape shit if there is an IF Uchida Im gonna hoe the shit out of you when we meet again cant wait Im gonna kill bitches today.
Im hands on when its time ta murk a bitch Im happily taken tho...
I aint cheating for none of you hoes.
The fuck?
Im in the zone like the secondary, no lie bitch Im flier then a pet canary Im in this bitch like a mf Im in this hoe tripppped out people be wildin Im just gonna get my dog to eat a bitch Im just living my nig....
Im just matching grams wit my fam bitch Im just not going to be a bitch to you because we dont speak for reasons.
It was a decision and its done and over with why start shit?
Im just on this hoe to laugh Im just salty bitch Im just sayin.
Thats my baby I already told you bitches..
Im just saying, in your twitter pic you look like such a guido and i love it Im just upset they got faggots on this show Im known around Tampa as the ugly kid with no hoes Im lactose and hoe nigga tolerant Im late as hell....Niggas really hating cuz these hoes want that lightskin dude in jail yall crazy Im lifted before Im stiff out of this bitch Im like Rashad and I did her like when he found out the ghetto truth about NewNew Im literally about to scream and throw a bitch fit if people dont hurry the fuck up.
Im literally laughing in shock, amazement, joy.
Pop the champagne American queers.
Im making a tshirt.
It says Keha, the white trash slut I wish I was.
for teenage girls with shitty tasted in music.
Im mattwho da boy hoe check me out I do some amazing shit Im naturally bowlegged..
I think i look deformed while hoes thinking that shit is cute.
Im never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys.
Im nice to everyone, but dont let this pretty smile confuse you, because i can turn to bitch in nanoseconds.
Im no pussy, but ur still a dick.
Im not BROKE bitch Im BLESSED Im not a ho because I think two men and one woman together is a THREESOME and NOT a TRAIN.
Im not a ho like you.
Your body count probably is close to 100 Im not bouta let no bitch play with none of my family.
It dont matter if I fuck with them or not.
Im not dating anyone right now, Im giving my pussy a brake.
Im not defending Ray Rice but that double standard is a bitch, aint it Im not down to be a side bitch tho Im not fuckin wit October She on some new shit , bitch cold Im not going to chase a dumb bitch Im not much of a texted get off my nuttz hoe Im not particularly shy, but hard for me to break ice with a stranger or in others words Im a pussy haha she was so cute too!
Im not the brightest but i can guess her game a lil and i know how much of attention whores those bitches are Im not the type of guy to bitch about how hot it is but its about to be 11 and Im still sweating Im not the type to fight no bitch over a nigga im the type to say fucc that take his Bitch Im not weird, youre just a faggot Im obviously not talking about CoD because that game is for queers.
Im off work, where the naked hoes and alcohol?
I got some down bitches, but the can crawl Im only driving drunk cause this bitch drove me to drink!
Im only on here cause my bitch tripping Im organizing a cease fire between bald headed bitches and weave !
Im out Slipping mollies in the JellO Cosby out here fucking bitches with pudding pops lmao Im out this bitch Im pissed off bitches on my dick but shit my dick soft CAUSE THE WAY YOU CARRY YOURSELF GOT ME TICKED OFF I aint tryin to be Rick Ross...
Im pretty sure Ive never sat in the friend zone waiting for pussy.
You gotta put your dick on the table and see what happens Im pretty sure the dmv wont let me take a new pic, but a bitch might accidentally lose my license again where they have to take a new pic Im pussy Im not about this internet life .
Im pussy whipping these hoes Im ready to bounce out dis bitch .
Im ready to cry Im so mad, like me this bitch gon have to fight.
Im really nice but a bitch at times Im really not a complete bitch, just socially handicapped Im retarded hungover and all we had were beers.
Im rich bitch said in Dave Chappell voice Im roasting the first one of my niccas who rock them shits!
all my panties be vs.
ion look like these bitches tho Im seeing more more niggers migrating further up liberty rd...
Shes too pretty I would eat both her pussy butt Im seventeen years old with a government job, ask me if I give two fucks about the next bitch Im sick and TIRED of trying to see how long before kills a ..................
Im sick and tired of the above the fray crowd, theyre all the same crowd, the mushy moderate, the contrarian etc.Wake up pussies.
Im sick as fuck...
this shit is for the birds Im sick of dudes posting videos of them singing on vine.
Do that shit in the shower or something fags Im sick of niggas lying.
Im sick of bitches hawking.
Matter of fact, Im sick of talking.
RIP BIG Im sick of you hoes for real I got somebody that looks up to me so I aint bout no pussy shit.
Im sick of you hoes oml Im sippin on Patron nigga , my bitch bad to the bone nigga .
She fucked up , Im fucked up , she like how we gon get home nigga ?
Im so excited to hang out with my bitches Im so faded my nigga Im about to disappear in this bitch Im so glad I dont wake up lookin like one those Medusa lookin bitches Im so high high high that a bitch cant blow my high Im so mad cause hoes think its funny Im so mother fucken sexy.
I have no time to be a retard.
Im so raw is problem the best song tyga will have anything after that is trash Im so sick of u niggers...
Im so tired of this damn job man, I wanna blow this bitch up lol Im sorry but if your costume is a naughty school girl this yr I will forever consider u a basic bitch.
Like a fucking majestic bird.
Im sorry but why should I care about what bitch my nigga was fucking w before me Im sorry..
and Im sorry Im starting to act Hollywood round this bitch Im starting to not like meek, this nig a lil to arrogant for me Im sticking with s theory that black pussy tastes like strawberry milk.
Im still mad because this nigga really said I got bitches texting me asking me...
But let me say sum wit that in it Im still weak off the bitch gettin pissed on lol Im stuck in my room..
The house is shifting or whatever and it used to be just kind of a bitch to open my door but now its like..
Stuck.
Im such a bitch sometimes lol Im such a bitch to Austin Im sure would add this helpful parenthetical explanation if these were redneck peckerwood teabaggers.
Im surprised Im still at school tbh, I can be quite the retard at times.
Im either exceptional at a subject or absolute shiteee.
The ref wAs on some hoe shit against Carlton Haywood.
Dude took a full minute of unanswered Im thankful for dem big booty hoes doe Im the bitch that a come out n sweats n still have Ya nigga checking for me Im the crazy bitch that will call you 10 times in one hour Im the gym looking at bitches booty Im the man around dis bitch baby Im the pull bitch Im the real Tony Montana, I got 50 naked bitches on a banana boat Im the type of person who act like I dont care to certain reactions but truly Im a little bitch inside Im thinking he has low level OCD of some sort....
That or hes just goin full retard...
Pretty sure full retard Im tired of bitches thinking they cool when they ugly.
If youre ugly bitch thats all you are is ugly Im too much of a bitch to say anything about that Im too nice to people , but when I finally decide to say something , Im a bitch .
voice Im tryna face fuck kesha, you bitches bringin beef Ill get the lettuce n ketchup Im tryna turn Ms to Bs innis bitch and I aint never paid to be wit no bitch!
Im turning into a heartless bitch.
Im up and at it before the birds wake up so you cant tell me shit.
Im up bored denna bitch Im up hoe Im use to these hoes dont play Im with 3 bitches 2 of em mix Im with another nigga bitch Im.a be even pretty julisa work magic on bitches ..
Its hard to pick!!
Cuz them Scream bitches STAYED getting knocked over an shit.
Fuck them pussies.
Without surprise they shitty.
Ive been sleeping with my mom for the past few weeks and I swear this bitch is having sex dreams or something always moaning in her sleep Ive been tryin to tell niggas Lesbian porn have the finest bitches Ive eaten six packs of hello kitty fruit snacks today because I can bitch Im an adult.
Ive got everybody Skurting these hoes Ive never felt this comfortable around a crazy in my life.
Ole cool crazy ass bitch.
This my nigga right here.
Ive never had a problem w anybody here, Ive been w the company for a year, and then this snitch fucking bitch is trying to get me fired Ive seen every episode of scrubs ever.
Sense the first episode niggah!!
Ive told those bitches at the dentist about my gums receding for the past fuckin year and now they wanna warn me about it I, I see some hoes in hurrrr IG be the bid bitches an these dumb ass faces lol IM our here filling these hoes jaw side Ian watch Maury in so long ..Maury wear jeans on the show now..
I guess he like fk I need to dress up for these ghetto ass ppl anymore Ibukis shaved pussy fingered and fucked before her tight little rosebud of an ass isdestroyed Id light that bitch on fire starting with that ratchet ass weave Id make you look like an absolute pussy, because youre too scared to say anything to my face hahahahahaha Id rather be your niggah Idc I eat the pussy Idc about none of these bitches .
Idgaf I have my coon moments Idgaf about someone havin a cure,let this bitch burn Idgaf about these money hungry bitches Idgaf about you flat chested hoes feelings either, you a grown ass man nigga.
Idgaf about you regardless bitch you got me all day.
Idgaf about you, or ya mens, ya bitch, none of these bitches.
Yall all can fuck off for all i care.
Idgaf if its 3pm in the afternoon bitch make my pancakes!
Idgaf if thats sounds illogical, this Twitter bitch.
like if you constantly bitch about not having money why tf would you go to a casino?
Sell drugs, credit cards, checks, strip, sell pussy, whatever.
Jst dnt b halfassed!
Idk about yall, but i loves me a thirsty bitch.
Atleast they not afraid to peruse a nigga Idk bro a bunch of hoes really doesnt compare to having that one faithful girl bruh Idk how I have friends Im so blunt and sarcastic people probably think Im a raging bitch.
Idk how bitches trust other bitches sooo easily.
Idk maybe its just me being bitter but giving bitches money and just being a genuine nigga aint got me nowhere so fuck that.
Idk whats worse then a broke hoe with potential Idk where this nigga jus went but he better find me some food before I become a real life bitch Idk who tf Roro Sophie are, but Im glad they got bitches twerkin for the vine in they whips Idk why bitches think they players lol bitches have zero game Idont want a Bestfriend Boyfriend homeboy nor homegirl...
fuck all yall bitches ctfu idc idc If didnt know I love your coon ass cuz If post 1 more pic of his waves Im bringing my SCurl back on these hoes for the 2014 If Bradley Cooper wins an before Ryan Gosling does, imma cut a bitch.
If California Chrome doesnt go off at even money or better I might flip a trash can over I mean damn can I get 65?
If Dirty D was still around I wonder how many of you younger guys he would call a disrespectful son of a bitch If Dj Khaled eats Nicki Minajs pussy he finna taste everyone in the rap industry If Drew Stubbs were a pimp, he couldnt even hit a hoe.
If I become president, everybodys on lockdown.
Im gonna run this bitch like a penitentiary.
If I called you a bitCh then youd prolly hate me ..
If I called you a bad bitch then youll prolly thank me!
If I cant make no money off of you then bitch I dont even want to you.
If I dont like that hoe I turn her ass into a frisbee If I dont unwrap a big booty hoe today im going rio be outraged.
If I ever ate your pussy before and you fucked over 3 niggas before that let me know right now because you owe me 100 you dirty bitch If I ever saw Kendall Jones in person, Id kill her on sight.
I hate that bitch more than anything in life.
If I fuck a nigga bitch ima just record it an keep fuckin her til she play dumb then ima have to show him If I had a dollar for every time someone called me Maggie Id make it rain on all these hoes If I had hair, I would seriously go for a perm now.
Genetics is a stone cold bitch.
If I hit you w that shotty bitch I bet that body flip If I hold the door open for you, bitch you BETTA say thank you or imma slam the door in ya back.
If I post a picture of my woman, All you hoes jumping off a bridge tonight!
Lol If I respect you, I demand your respect back.
If you think you can be a bitch, I can be an even bigger one.
Bring it If I see another bitch with a rolly bag ima diesel that bitch If I smoke with ya bitch its over If I was a guy Id definitely dress up as the fuck her right in the pussy guy If I was stranded on a desert island and I could only bring 1 thing, I would bring Dora.
That hoe has everything in that backpack.
If I were born black I would have tons of kids, never work, get lots of free stuff bitch about it!
Thank God I wasntWhat a DRAG Id B If I wore a tutu, no bitch would want me thats what our dog is gonna be telling himself everyday If Im sharing my nigga with every other bitch why tf do I want him.
The heck.
If Ive never seen her do some hoe shit with my own eyes then I refuse to let another nigga influence my thoughts on her.
If Kubiak was a player theyd pump him with painkillers and tell him to stop being a pussy.
If a bitch annoying she getting left.
If a bitch bit my dick, Id probably beat the shit out of her.
If a bitch choosin let her choose lmao that is all !
If a bitch dont like me, sumthin wrong wit da bitch If a bitch dont taste her own you shouldnt even dare eat it If a bitch has to fuss fight over a niggah thats hugged up ,bood up w the next bitch , clearly doesnt gaf bout u If a bitch is bad n single she single fo a reason....hoe prolly cray or a runna If a bitch makes u moan during sex she owns your soul.
If a chick wants me to eat her pussy then leave Ill accept gladly.
Lol If a cute bitch fucks with a lame nigga she automatically becomes 10 times less attractive in my eyes If a nigca neva told you bitch you got some bomb azz puzzy kill yaself bitch If a nigga in nap can fuck my bitch that mean she lame for fuckin a lame....
All deez niggas here corny asl If a nigga is watching Love and HipHop instead of the playoffs he gay denna bitch If a nigga phone broke best believe he only gon memorize his main bitch number or the bitch thats cash in him out number If a spic ever talks to a white person and the white person kills them, its self defense.
If a teacher gave me some pussy in elementary school I got to tell somebody.
If a teacher tried to throw me some pussy when I was in school, nigga I aint sayin shit If anxiety was a person Id kill that bitch so fuckin fast.
If anyone ever gets an attitude or w e with me idgaf who it is I am going to be a bitch right back If anything Ive ever said has offended you, thats a YOU problem not a me problem.
Dont be such a little bitch.
If eating the pussy makes you happy, Im all for it.
If everybody already hit, Of course a nigga cant take you seriously..
Idk why hoes be so surprised..
If her mom wasis a hoe then shes most likely a hoe too.
If i aint hit that bitch then i aint hit that bitch why lie about it thats petty bullshit If i fucked her i know every niggah want her.
If i straighten my hair, its gonna be long and the hoes gonna hate If i was to get a rich girl so be it.
At least she likes me.
She saw something in me you hoes didnt see If it wasnt for this blanket, my nips would be harder than the search for Anne Frank..
If joining the army gets you bitches then to the army I go.
If luke hemmings really thinks theyre trash, I MUST BE FUCKING DIBC YOU BOYS ARE BEAUTIFUL DAMMIT If my anger materialized, it would be a fucking atom bomb to blow this bitch up.
If my bf posts a pic of my daughter, just like it and keep scrolling.
Yes bitch, I know shes cute.
If my bitch wear a bacon bra....im taking that ass to funky town If my friends dont wanna hangout my automatic response is to call them a bitch.
If my tweets hit too close to home why you subbing me lil stupid ass bitch?
Check Ya own fucking self issues lil bitch.
Smoking a bowl and tweeting about bitches and hoes.
If not then you are a coward and afraid showing you have no faith..Just another devils bitch...
If only everyone knew the real you...fakest bitch I know If only my new local mall wasnt so ghetto If only you bitches REALLY knew If pussy lips could talk ill go down there like its whispering If she a hoe Im a hoe.
If she a hoe on social media she a hoe in real life too If she aint yo lady u better not text her ass good morning quit treating these side hoes like wifey material If she aint talkin to you , then who she talking to ?
Cus you know bitches cant stop talking If she dont appreciate that and say yes.
The bitch aint real.
If she know yo name way before you meet her, then dat bitch a EATTA!
That way you can eat while she eatting If she wears these to dinner then shes paying for her own food because Im treating that bitch like a stranger.....
If shell tell you shes a badd bitch then listen.
If someone is part of James X then hes a white trash cultist.
If that pussy aint Organic, Preservative free, No growth hormones, fresh, USDA approved, i aint fuckin with it.
If that pussy dont come with head, I dont want it!!
Thats my hoe 2 If thats what yall hoes want then fuck it.
If the only thing she talks about is her eyebrows, she got forest pussy.
If the servers for black ops 2 acts gay today this is my bitch fo the nite If the words whore, hoe, slut, prostitute, ect werent invented, their would be alot more pussy to go round If the world was free of sucka free it would be just me and my nigs left If them niggas pussy we douche em we clean em out If these hoes aint lying about being fat they hiding a backpage profile some where...
If this bitch dont turn Crash in If this bitch hangs up on me one more time....
If this bitch new the amount of shit I spoke bout her on my twittah lol If u a bad bitch If u a bitch an i hadddd u i wouldnt give a fuck if Chris brown bagged u bitch i had u already lol If u aint fucking u aint sucking wat u Doin hoe If u bad niggas a really play nice to get to the pussy then...
If ur bitch starts fukin yappin tae, ill make sure i break something vital.
Warning call polis with hazard that results in permanent damage If viagra was for bitches itd be called niagra If we get any trick of treaters I will be giving out Android advice.
stop on in, faggots If yall preppy bitches ever arguing like this at a party and dont do nothing yall getting hit with a bottle fr If yall niggas gon be gay, why yall gotta be so over the top?
Dressing up in bitch shit that women wouldnt even dare wear.
If yer gonna continue to be a contrarian bitch...
If yo nigga catch you cheating, and beat yo ass in front yo lil yeah, and lil yeah dont help.
You still give him pussy ladies?
If yo pussy good my Pullout game weak!!
If you LIKE or and you tweet bad about ..............YOU ARE A FUCKIN If you a bad bitch, put ya hands up high If you a top notch bitch lemme here you holler.
If you act like a fucking retard when your high its over mane stay away from me.
If you aint Stevie Js bitch of course youll call him the scum of the earth.His bitches hooked while theyre upset though.
If you aint ma bro you better watch yo bitch borrow yo hoe introduce ma pimp !
Your bitch single In My eyes If you aint sucking dick, why you sitting there with puckered lips?
Thats collagen, muhfuckin bitch If you are out clubbing every weekend and leaving your child with your baby momma I dont wanna hear you bitch about child support.
If you arent going to stick to one garbage can for recycling Im not going to give a single fuck about where Im putting my trash.
If you ask me every bitch gay If you attractive people just gone up and assume you got hoes If you ballin then buy ya bitch something If you balling buy yo bitch somethin If you body count more then mine you a hoe js.
If you cant turn Instagram likesfollows into some real life shit If you dont fuck with your either A slackin B a turd burgular C a pussy face.
If you dont know what yo bitch doing tuat aint you bitch, Im just sayin.
If you dont say thank you after someone holds the door open for you youre a bitch If you dont know uncle JJ your a bitch If you follow me on twitter and you are being loud cunt on the swings at wintersmith dont be a stranger If you fuckin for your rent you a lame hoe If you get into an argument with someone and say, Have a nice life good luck in Ohio.
thats a fuck you, bitch leave.
If you go to the barber shop on Friday you have to your charger and some snacks in that bitch If you going to the strip club every weekend, you will never experience earned pussy.
If you got a body count already in 2014 you cant talk about anybody being a hoe If you got a good girl dont turn her into a bad bitch.
If you got a nigga and you another nigga you a hoe If you got a problem with me bring it up with me before I tense up on yo bitch ass .
If you got charge a nigga up for tryna talk to your chick, You really a insecure faggot and have no control over her..
If you got to act like you cuffing a bitch to get ass your a lame forreal , real niggas let bitches know what it is from jump If you hang with hoes, youre a hoe by association.
But timings a bitch.
If you have your friends jump into a fight, it shows that youre just an overall pussy.
If you hoes stop shaving Im running around spraying nair on all of yall.
Black states, white states, and Latino states?
Isnt that moving backwards?
If you know a guy has a newborn baby why the fuck are you trying to talk to him?
Desperate ass hoe If you like the 24k gold rillos, your a pussy If you love somebody, you cant cheat, have hoes, do certain shit cause them limits type shit.
If you not his momma or his sisters goodbye bitch!
If you not lickin toes you a basic bitch..
And I cant fuck with a basic bitch If you not my bitch.
I really dont care If you one of my hoes ....
make yourself known If you only like cheese pizza youre a pussy.
Stay away from me and my lovely combination pizza If you rat on your family just so you dont get in trouble youre a little bitch If you really know me, you know all the problem i go through with all these hating ass bitches.
If you said more today on the internet about Duck Dynasty than about the , youre a useless whigger.
If you say any of the following words the convo is over nigger, nigga, swag, yolo, fag, retard.
If you say anything about me Ill knock ur boyfriend out.
Go for it bitch.
Your boyfriend is a pubeless runt.
If you see me , SPEAK bitch.
If you single, just start hitting up those hoes.
If you slow down for a puddle youre a bitch If you sneak dissing I come to you tryna address the initial issue you say it aint nothing...
You a bitch If you sweat pussy its somethin new to you..
If you take a long time to text back you a hoe If you tell a dyke she looks just like a nigga is that a compliment?
Ive always wondered that If you texting other niggas just let me know so I can find me some other bitches.
No hard feelings If you want it come and buy it aint no mufuckin fronting nowadays niccas playing games about a few hunned!
If you was a bitch nigga in 2013 you still Gona be a bitch nigga in 2014 If you will fuck or try and fuck ya niccas girl ..
You a buster lol If you work a graveyard shift, she cheating on you off tops.
Somebody else gon be tucking ya bitch in.
If you would have followed George Washington in 1776, it means that youre white trash.
If youre a male and hoeshos andor bitches is your default word for women...you gotta go.
If youre a whiney bitch, have a ZIMA and shut the fuck up!
If youre acting like more of a bitch than your bitch...
theres a problem If youre being a little scared bitch about the POSSIBILITY of a louisville purge...just go to Ferguson.
If youre gonna be a hoe, then dont look for relationships.
I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one If youre not attractive ....
bitch you aint making my drinks...!
If youre not watching this Seahawks game youre hella bitch.
If your a nigga ...
And you use the term yassssssssss im just gonna assume your a fag If your main reason for disliking something is because it is popular there is a 100 chance youre a little stupid idiot bitch baby child.
If your parents let you drink underage, theyre fucking retarded and so are you.
If your pussy stink, you aint goin to heaven If your twitter is private but your Instagram is public u r probs a trash talking thot If youu let yo bitch leave with another niggah and dont say shit thats on youu!
She is a bad bitch.
Ihate a nosie bitch Ihate them mad bitches where the glad ones at?
Iite Peyton dont be a faggot this drive Ik his bitch ass saw me mentioned his tall ass Iknow a couple mf that does this, there favorite line i wouldnt Do that thats Young.
bitch STOPP YOUR young minded Ill fire that nina like its her first day on the job an the bitch over slept Ill take yo bitch and make her everybody bitch Illist bitch alive Im a Single bitch on this Money shit Im a boogie ass niggahs to these fast hoes Im a different nigga...if the pussy good im not tryna fuck for no 20mins..im stopping, backing out it, anything i ca think of to last longer Im a ghetto ass nigga you suburban Im a queer....
Im a rich niggaaaaa, i need a rich bitch.
Im a south side niggah fuck around fuck around Im a westside niggah so you know im rockin wit Game Im about to fuck taylors bitch ass up Im about to get all the pussy.
Im addicted to bad bitches like I never had bitches Im allowed to trip on my bitch , she cant trip on me tho Im back bitches!!!!!!
Im back to square one .
Im from the 210 you already know bout to bust a flow on this bitch hoe names miguel is chillin with my nigga tono Im getting sleepy this water doing a bitch right Im hardly on this hoe anymore lol Im ice cube, u can call me the grinch.
i got ur list but i aint giving u shit, bitch.
Im in a full suit bow tie and all at a restaurant called my frat a bitch ass nigga.Caught myself Bc Im around white ppl staring at me lol Im just a young niggah out here chasing ins, til im in the driver seat of my benz Im just a young niggah tryna live my life long Im just gettin started oh yeah we got it bitch Im just in my car jamming to Taylor Swift with my side bitch Im looking for a reason to really spazz on a bitch never my lady but....a bitch none the less lol Im mad james let me drink that shit...
payback is a bitch Im married to a retard, must be why were so good together.
Nigga hunching me in his sleep.
Im n a tight circle bitch you cant get thru dis loop Im never cuffin unless my bitch grown or act grown.
I cant deal wit lil girls nbs Im not tongue kissing these bitches tho Im nt rey talk about a dumbass bitch thats lost in this world, she really need to be saved at save try it, it wrks Im only cocky to hoes hmmm i wonder why prolyy cuz i dont fuck wit yall Im order to be a real nicca you gotta be Real ...
Im prolly wit yo bitch big butt cant fit up in the 6!
Im retarded for real, im sitting here getting mad thinking my daughter ignoring me then I remember she aint here.
Im rick james bitch, show me ya titties Im sippin hot tea bitch Im smoking good n my bitch conceited!
Im soooooo tired of this dick dyke showing up on my fb feed.
Real studs dont fucc niggas.
Just be bisexual.
Im sorry but you didnt have to be a bitch last night.
Im sorry, I use to be on that shit, but im not worried about the next bitch Im start askin dese hoe niggas if they got sand in they pussy....
Im still going trick or treating.
Thats free munchies bitch Im such a bitch sometimes Im the biggest pussy when it comes to scary stuff Im the man around this bitch baby check out my wrist watch Im the niggah she really wanna ride wit Im thinkin about using this beat and yeah I made it too bitch lol Im tired of all these weak ass men in my mentions tellin me why it is ok or justified to punch a woman in the face.
That shit is bitch made.
Im tired of seeing this disturbing bitch with 3 tits Im tired of these bitches actin like they loyal lol Im trying to come back as a fine ass bitch next lifetime....
Im trying to take the word bitch outta my vocabulary , hardest shit ever Im way out of your league hoe, please excuse my ego Im wearin one of walmart jackets around walmart, is that ghetto?
Lmao fuck it.
Im wit yo bitch smokin.
Ill say I dont fuck with hoes then 2 days later let a hoe play with my dick in the McDonalds drive thru.
Love their fries Ima kill cay ugh she stay on my last nerve but I love thats funccy bitch Ima knock that pussy out like fight !
Ima knock the pussy out like fight night.
Ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip Ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip...
Ima pull up eat on that pussy n dip Ima shmurda dance in that pussy hoe !!
Ima side bitch from time to time and I stay in my place Ima spread that pussy out like a acre Ima start friend zoning these hoes Ima tear that pussy UUUUP Imma get home around 0300 problem is its a coon leaving the bar that drank 7 shots of crown royal think he still can drive Imma knock the pussy out like fight night Imma limit my association with these grade f bitches next year on my life just gone be me and a few ppl dont got time for the BS frfr Imma treat you how you act ...
If you act like a bitch youll get treated like a bitch In 2014 Im resolved to perfect my bitch face.
In Hopes of Recruiting More Women, ISIS Opens Jihadi Finishing School In a movie, everybody aint the star...
I hate hoes that take pride in being the other chick In case you forgot hoe I been up since 418 on the dot made 100,000 dollars at work and still havent slept.
In class still drunk from last night and this broad is doing a presentation on Chipotle, bitch can I live In class tearing up like a bitch In da club makin movies.
I feel like tyler perry.
Fuckin niggas bitches.dey like why did.i gt married.
In elementary school I tied a girl to the tetherball pole with the tetherball cause she was bein a bitch.
In life you must ask yourself...are you a chosen one or a basic bitch?
In my 25 years Ive supported more niggas and bitches and they kids and well..
my gratitude has died.
Dumb hoes and niggas, ratchet broads, and stupid arguments.
In my opinion every bitch gay.
Putting on mascara today was a bitch.
In other words call you a bitch.
In reality lame niggas and corny niggas get bitches bc its sooo many of dem niggas nbs lol In redneck land In the past week, both Paula Dean AND my uncle lost their jobs for saying nigger.
Bullllllshiiiiitttt In the words of lil Debbie Im that bitch In this update you will find lots of hardcore cock sucking, ass pounding and pussy pulsing thrills.
I have to In two months tho hoe In yo bitch dm like..
I knew my bitch Candace aint die Indiana aint gone give these niccas shit ...
Indirect ass little bitches, like you know my fucking number and where I live.
More for Libra Instagram have you looking at motherfuckers like Who the FUCK does this bitchnigga think shehe ISSS??
Instead of calling each other hoes, girls should be supporting each other.
Instead of joining sports teams, hoes be joining Twerk Teams.
Ion care fuck that hoe Ion even wanna see this bitch .
talking bout ill make you breakfast Ion fight but it aint no pussy in my heart nigga ion fear nobody but god loose win or draw Ion give a fuck ion give a fuck ion ion ion give a fuck bitch I dont give a fuck about you or anything that you do Ion got no type......
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like Ion kno what im doing tonite....i jus kno its gon end wit me dick first in some pussy....
Ion know why this bitch insists on telling me where she be going now.
Idgaf about chu bitch like damn.
Ion like doll face hoes Ion like the ho cause she talk to mf much with ha real butt ugly ass dumb young ass ho Ion pay for pussy, because her pussy priceless..
I go fishin in it and I aint a Pisces Ion trust no bitch!
Ionn got no type bad bitches is the only thing that I like Iont care about where a na been where a bitch goin or the kinda shit they been thru!!
Iont got no type NAW bad bitches is the only thing that I like Iont got no type bad bitches is the only thing that I like Iont see how some of you niggas fags!!
Irie is a bitch for not letting me borrow his charger.
Irritating reading ppl bitch abt smthng, yet offer shit for evidence to even support their slant.
Simply complaining is the easy part.
Is Moyles a retard lol?
Please come back Fergie Is Wayne Brady gonna have to choke a bitch?
Is anything going down tonight besides my bitch Is she my kind of hoe or nae Its ok you a hoe anyways Is that a hawk?
What the fuck kind of bird is that?
These hoes aint lawyers lol on god thats my fav Chris Brown song Is that the remix?
these hoes aint lawyers!
Is there a vending machine around this bitch im starvin Is there a website that delivers expensive wine, cigars and big booty hoes to my door step?
Is there an additional charge for the pussy to listen to my personal problems?
Is this bitch for real?
Is this hoe gone dm me back Is this napK bitch retarded or stupid wtf would you request me didnt she read my bio its pretty Is this retarded bitch really this stupid?
Is you ready bitch , cause my hair laid.
Isley brothers got me alot of pussy boy.
Take notes It aint nothin to cut a bitch off It aint nothin to cut that bitch off It aint nothing like chasing money cause you have a purpose, but chasing these hoes for what?
Vice Versa It aint nothing to cut that bitch off It aint nunn to cut that bitch off It aint nothing to cut that bitch off K camp It aint nuffin to cut that bitch off!!!!
It aint nun to cut dat bitch off It aint nuttin to cut that bitch off......thats why that shit my ring tone It all started in 95 bitch It already Soaked, Sinked, Melted so dropped thats shit bitch IDGAF linc up or get caught It be 30 below zero and hoes still go out like its 90 degrees plus tax It be sounding like the bitch that the cops talk to on their radio is the same sounding bitch every single time.
It aint never a dude voice It bothers me when a ugly girl has a bad bitch attitude.
It affects the faculty, the staff, that work at these schools that are queer.
It gets me mad when a Mexicans go against Mexico like wtf support your team bitch It happens AGAIN!!
Black pack beats whitey.
It is fucking retarded how I cant say a single thing in this house without some blowback.
It is impossible for females to be players, pimps, etc...
Theyre called hoes It makes me sad knowing this queers wont be down the street anymore.
It might be infected Niggas would really turn that pussy down ?
Buggin It only be yall worthless bitches that be like that though It opened up with some clouds parting and with SILKCan we get a room on the southside of the ghetto!
It pissrs me tf off when I call you back a half a second later nd you dont answer.
You a bitch ass nigga for that It prolli seem like I flirt but iont want none of yall hoes It really aint nothin to cut that bitch off It really is too bad that had faggot marriage forced upon her after her citizens declared it illegal.
It sad how bitches wake up being messy like bitch find you another career cause this aint working out for u It seem like Cory talked to 75 of all indianapolis hoes nbs It stink in this bitch it must be them pussy ass niggas talkin shit It stinks in here must be then pussy ass niggas talkin shit test me It the principle of the matter bitch!
It was my sophomore year that I learned these hoes werent loyal It was nice of you to unfollow me, fag It wus yo fat ass that filled out the application to work there, not me bitch.....
Its , bitch.
Its 2014 and yall niggas still fuckin with these hoes.
Go get you a wife bruh Its 90 degrees and this bitch has a stuffed animal wrapped around her neck Its Friday bitch!!
G, bitches.
Its Some hoes out here tonite I got Shawty wit me Its a Bob Schieffer holiday now, hes proud and smitten that hes the good white guy, hicks be damned!
Its a lil bitch at the bus stop with Adidas flipflops socks on.
I know dem mfs soggy as fuck.
Its a lot of Uncle Tom ass niggas out here.
Its a lot of fat bitches at this party Im we at right now my outfit way too much fire to be at a function like this Its a recession on everything Chasing pussy is never attractive!
Its a sad sad day when a bitch loses her sponsor Its a small world and hoes make it smaller Its basic bitches unite around these parts Its beanie weather bitches Its been a minute since we chilled like we use to.
I hope that pussy still feels like it use to.
Its boner Sunday bitch Its bout that time were I feel like beening a hard working woman .....and a stripper hoe by night dont judge me Its definitely a bitch everything in life is ruled by money.
Its either your getting pussy Or are one what will it be?
Its fact that a male brain cannot always hear the high pitched voice of a women..
So bitch dont get mad..I really didnt hear you!!
Its funny how females dont want to be called a bitch but if you put the word bad in front of it then theyre happy af Its funny how girls are crying over their nudes being on IG like bitch why you sending nudes to begin with?
Its funny how these swaggot white boys wanna act like theyre Ballin till it comes time to tip.
Its funny when u get a black female mad they start acting ghetto then a bitch Its going down its going down its going down lil bitch.
Its hard being a real nigga when these niggas got bitch tendencies Its hard getting a bitch from the hood to suck your dick on camera.She swear EVERYBODY knows her....And she hates the light.
Its hilarious seeing chicks cry and whine through song lyrics on here because they got with a little scene fag instead of a real man Its hot and my allergies are killing I feel like a little bitch Its iguanas out this bitch n er thing Its kind of funny when people tell me they havent seen me in years, and where have I been.
Like at home bitch Its lame that you can buy clothes that look like real military clothing.
Youre a 4 star bitch.
Its levels to my bitch you cant fuck her nigga cause she like red bottom you cant afford her nigga she got Benz you riding honda accord Its like zero bitches in nap thats gon stick by yo side if you fall off Its moes monday ten ten ten twenties on yo titties bitch Its money over bitches even though I love ladies Its my main bitches 21st ayyyeeee happy birthday babbbyyy!!
All the big booty bitches show him some love Its no wonder my titanium ankle is killing me.
Woo retarded winter weather!
Its not pears bitch, its PEAR.
Its not a sin to have a interchangeable bezel but when that bitch dont screw back on ...
Its not often you see the words disingenuous, egregious, and cunt filth all in one sentence and properly used.
See ya bitches in February.
Its ok to tell a nigga he trash and a feature will never happen fam.
Its one thing to be a hoe, but a ratchet hoe?
Bitch please, take a seat Its only 912 AM here but Im about to pour up some pineapple ciroc blast this Future mixtape at maximum levels because bitch Im in Vegas Its only a few real bitches I know.
Its out b day bitches!!!
Its pretty much been confirmed that I have the BEST bitch face on the planet.
Its really a bitch when youre trying to make a difference to someone else, and they intentionally make a point to make you feel like shit.
Its scheduled up already, tho One tweet and hes got out there making fun of Its so scary hoe Annabella does everything I do , she acts just like me Its so shady when you bitches talk to guys w girlfriends thats so disrespectful to do to another girl Its still Spring bitch Its still going ...
Im gonna start singing cause this nigga got the hoes Its summer bitches
Its summer bitches.
dont be a snotty stuck up bitch.
Its this dyke chick cut hair in the barbershop look just like Future Its this hoe pics Im looking at she got her ass out in 20pics then got 5 with her son....these hoes crazy Its throw it in her throat thursdays so make a ghetto gaggler out of her Its time to mock Halftime in America.
Its to many hoes Tryna act like the Wifey type.
Its too early to talk about eating pussy.
Who ate ass this week?
Its wifey over bitches, but moneys over her, cuz moneys under nothing, my life is such a blur, its not the way it has to go...
Its winter up this bitch Its Brittany, bitch Its a bitch living in a country where you have two choices for President and fifty choices for Miss America .....
Its a million bad bitches in this world and you stucc on stupid Its a problem, bitch ya better follow me....
I give ya this dick you then won the lottery.....
Its bros ova hoes but wifey comes before ya bros Its cool its str8 i know yall got the WRONG bitch i understand !
Its crazy hoe we all ken folks im talking all my friends is my family Its feeling like wintertime bitches Its funny how bitches nag me, they jus mad they cant have me Its funny how these hoes will be texting yo phone all day and then 3 days later have a boyfriend Its gorg out!
This bitch thinks its june or something Its hotter than a fast bitch thighs rubbing together while she running a marathon Its like u want me to be the sideline hoe and dat shid aint nvr finna happin while Im well and living fuck dat I rather say fuck It and u Its not always good to have haters...
sometimes youre just a stupid bitch ..
Its nt that i hate that bitch i just hate the shot he do Its obvious the bitch is still immature and havent let go of the past yet.
You fucked up a good thing Its okay to smash one of your homeboys bitches or his girl just as long as you tell him about it afterwards Its so many bitches n their friends dont like me ,,, all because of one nigga.
A nigga that I will still have ,..
YOU LET ONE of them eatNext thing you know youve invited the entire ecosystem to shit on your car.
Its too early for all this bullshit, fuck all yall hoes lmfao Its true though lol If your girl think about you, you dont make her pussy jump you aint shit brahlls Its uno shawty id drop my imaginary hoes 4 Its wayyyyy more going on now than 2 have u pushing yo trash ass music right now Its what we call If a nicca tell a female another man got mad girls throwin salt that man gay straight up Its ya boi popsley da 83ar aka the real meek mills I was on this earth first pussy Iv decided to grow my hair, i aint braiding it tho.......straight curls out dis bitch !
Ive got the best friends a functioning retard could have.
Ive never seen this part of pussy town before...
JJ Watt was on his grown man shit all night..
Now lets get it Jada Fire has never dropped me for talking to imaginary hoes Jai may make an appearance at the party...
love that fag Jais hate for Jay is completely irrational hahaha I still love Jai though so if he needs someone called a faggot, Ill call someone a fag.
Jaime dont make me look like a bitch lmao Jake gettin all da bitches rn Jameis Winston got benched for standing on a table and saying Fuck her right in her pussy.
Jameis tweet Fuck her right in the pussy James is the biggest bitch in basketball i swear..
fuckin cramps seriously Jammin these sad songs, smoking squares thinking bout bitches...
Japanese babe Maria Ozawa gets her Asian pussy fuckedhard Japanese mature cat with spots has her old pussy split wide and filled with hardcocks Japanese teen has her trimmed pussy toyed by a greenvibrator Jason admitted youre a stuck up bitch lol, which you are.
Think youre so much better than everycunt, naaaaa Jax a hoe!
JayZ got 1 of the baddest EVA that proves men dont really need to look good to pull these hoes want security Jazz jumbo dick corporations.
Making bitches tap out since 1999 Jealous ass bitch tryna turn me to a lick but you wont live to see that shit Jealous bitches smh Jealous niggas usually send the hate threw the bitches Jealousy is such a bitch.
Jealousy will make a bitch do ANYTHING.
Thirst will make a nigga do ANYTHING.
Jean skirt ass hoe Jenna came for one pair of shoes.
Took two pair four shirts.
Her retarded ass is going to work.
Lol Jenna played the Weeknd Mac just looked at us like theeeese bitches..
Jenna stays pimpin these hoes Jennifer Lawrences nudes sooooo trash.
Im still smashin though, no doubt Jessie Andrews has the best girl on girl scenes in porn.
LOVE the way she makes bitches cum.
Jet lag a bitch Jhene Aiko aint shit but a spiteful side hoe she aint even fine Jk.
Im going to be a pussy about it.
I dont want the love of my life seein me all scared and shit.
Joe Budden always flexin on average twitter niggas wit his pool parties n bitches, the nigga cant compete wit otha rap niggas Joe ripping on a Nobel prize winner while hes not their.
What a little bitch Joe young gone shoot that bitch Joes parties got hoes but its always hot as hell John Kerry....
the SELLOUT how this pussy screwed our troops in Vietnam.
John Legend is showin this country bitch up on her own song Johnathan Martin is a straight up pussy.
Johnny Rebel If I could be a nigger for a day Johnny Rebel Quit your bitchin nigger!
Josh youre a hoe Jtfooooo at pussy on fleek Juicy J cant say no to ratchet pussy remember?
Julius Peppers still seems retarded.
Jump out 2nd floor window cuz Im over my side bitch crib and my girl beatin on the door Josh Shaw Jungle Fever be my favorite movie.
Dat white girl love dat colored mans thang.
Drive dat girls daddy wild crazy Juniors are still pussies Jus a D nicca n the A!
Jus need a bad bitch thats gone always hold me down Jus need my nig Mack Wilds to win...fk the award tho Jus tired to tell a nicca Young Thug was gah yesterday nicca aint believe me Jus waking up and hearing about this lebron sheet , what a dummy .
No respect for him , go get ya rings and come back?
Lop p Just a young niggah wit a promised future.
Yo shit gotta smell MARVELOUS dont no nigga want a bitch who smell like burnt weave Just because you have a issue and your attorney is out of town doesnt mean you can be a bitch to me.
Next time dont get in trouble Just bought new release, and to all of you pussies whining about it...STFU.
Just called a 65 basketball player out for the fade on twitter cuz dat pussy nigguh live in Georgia.
Come get me bitch Just cause you be on every party seen dont mean you bad bitch!
Now youre just a hoe with a boyfriend Just cleaned this bitch.
Just cuz he looked at you doesnt mean he likes you, hoe Just dont be looking for no dick later cuz Im not a hoe.
Its a word, youre just a bitch whos looking for something to bitch about.
Just dropped dat fine ass woman .
We has da best chicken eva.
I spectin some lovin but she a lady and da colored thang Just got into with some chic in Rallys parking lot bitch speeding through the parking lot and almost hit my niece Just got out the gym saw an old black hoe with the coldest body but the hoe had a jerry curl like it was 1978 Just got rich.
Took a broke nigga bitch Just got shit on by a bird Just had someone under 25 casually ask me what the FF stood for on my car.
R u fking serious bitch.
Just hand them the game you zebra jack asses and save us all the trouble of watching Just hold on we goin to the crib bitch Just landed in Orlando.
The flight was as bumpy as a bitch Just lets you know we all self conscious even the pretty bitches Just like a bitch.
Typical shit.
Elliptical shit.
Mythical shit.
Watch yourself.
Mystical shit.
Just looked at a news story and thought to myself, Is she fucked up some kinda way?
because I am 12 hillbilly.
Just made that test my bitch Just might fuck yo main bitch.
Dats just how I feel Just need a bad bitch thats gone always hold me down Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me Just once in my life I wanna see someone on family feud look at their family member and say Thats a horrible answer!
Are you retarded?.
Just ordered CHINESE food bitches!
Just passed my exs neighborhood and came across the thought that, in the end, I was the side bitch.
Just read this instagram profile luv my grls, princesses by birth, bitches by choice yeaaah youre cool..
Just remember when having standards becomes cool again......im gonna call a lot of you out for staying quiet like a bitch all this time.
Last time I have to see his bitch ass for four months Just said cunt in front of this old lady, I kinda froze, then she yelled YEAH YOU TELL THAT CUNT!
Just saw a lady that looks like honey boo boos mom.
Goddamn that bitch is ugly.
Just saw the baddest bitch in life walking down the street if she didnt have that Aeropostale shirt on I prolly woulda gamed her ass up Just saw wat did to my car .t bitch Just sayin what up hoe fuck i do to u bitch Just seen a dude wearing all black and white outfit with Pyrex shorts.
Shes getting some pussy tonight.
Just seen the baddest bitch in tower city...
My heart just got warm Just smile, bitches love smiling D Just smoked a whole 8th of that Reserve, thanks to my niggah Just start blocking dissenters, you coward pussy.
That was a bitch to get.
Just stop being a hoe God dammit bitch it aint that hard Just straight ignorant bitches Just straight like that.
And the bitch was a SOLID FIVE ON HER WEDDING DAY MY NIGGA.
Just tied my right shoe while driving on the freeway if that aint swag bitch then I dont know what is Just to get u mad go on your search bar on here and search up stupid niggers hop on somebodys head then mention me lol Just touch down in Jamaica tryna smoke two acres .
Send a nigguh to his makerr Just trynna have a bad bitch come thru Just unfollowed another crazy bitch.
You know this bitch is gonna be on the moon, and im not gonna come back to Earth for a while.
Just watched the scene in zero dark thirty where they pop Osamas bitch ass
HAHA bitches.
Justin Bieber fakes his permanent bitch face and it bugs the shit out of me.
K dude seriously Im not retarded, so stop talking to me like I am or Ill start being retarded and make you change my drool cup K.Michelle shaped but its FAKE!She pretty but she a manly bitch.And the little mermaid hair just looks foolish.
K.Michelle talking bout cant raise no man well due bitch he already grown Kae Chris coming for yall bitches as a couple Kaetlin is a bitch Kangaroo jac !
A Bitch wit dry weave Fuck I look like hoe Kanye new video so bitch made mane.
Bruh how you gone throw shots a Barrack den come up wit Dat shit Kanye west is a faggot Kanyes verse on I won is making hoes feel like trophies for real.
Karlie jus put all these bitches on niggas better start checkin they wheels after yall drop yall bitch off Karma a bitch, but she cant figure me out with the shit im doing..
Karma is a bitch Karma is a bitch and usually comes around and goes around right?
Or do some people just always catch the lucky breaks?
Karma is a bitch so baby you will get yours Karma is a bitch.
You cant stop it either Karma is a bitch...
Karma is a bitch?
Well just make sure that bitch is beautiful..
Karma is the biggest bitch youll ever meet, Keep pushing her buttons..........
Karma is the worst bitch, remember that Karma is theeeee biggest bitch Karma sure is a bitch.
Lol Karmas a bitch huh Karmas a bitch Karmas a bitch I guess you should of loved the old me.
Karmas a bitch and so are you.
Katey an Voka made the hoes in the background popular....
Katys grand exit tonight from Firehouse
Hasta la bye bye bitches Kawasaki dating a faggot smh Kayci and I greet each other by saying hey cunt like it makes me lol Keep dem POO hoes off ya TL b....
Keep doing your thing kid, people why soon realize your a lying faggot Keep it G I never fucked a squirter bitch Keep it real, Keep it real, Keep it real, Keep it real.
Kick that bitch right in the pussy.
Kicking bitches out the house like Pam Kicking niccas Tf outcha mentions like Kids a bitch Kids dont put up with your Mother calling you a thot.
She mad because hoe wasnt a cool thing to be called back in her sluttish day.
Kierstens a bitch.
Her pussy should be so weak from teasing that its impossible to hold back a orgasm during heated sex Killt dat bitch Shmoney Bitch Killin these niccas n I hate all my ex hoes!
Kim K is alright but honestly so many niggas been in that Id rather not..
And Miley got unfollowed that bitch is just strange.
Kim Kardashian look like a tranny with all that surgery Kinda U mad friend??
Fat fucking funky nasty ass hoes Kinda just wanna cruise and see if I see that colorful ass bitch walking around.
Best believe there will be one less clown on this earth Kinda want to spit my gum into some bitches hair.
Kip Tokuda, yellow guy working to niggerize the Seattle PD, died.
Kirk Hinrich going fucking dumb out that bitch Kiss IMO this conductor, its 430 AM have some courtesy you bitch.
Kiss imik this bitch just added another 50 seconds to her story I think its a new record.
Kissing that bitch but she sucking me Knockin a dent in dis big bitch!
But still stupid ass bitch, I aint fuckin with yoooou.
Know that the bad bitch got ittt Know why birds dont wear pants?
Cause their peckers in the way Know why the ultimate warrior died?
God LOVES fag ?
He was an antigay crusader so a little light jokes are necessary Know you didnt see it but I know you bitches heard it Know you dont like me cause youre bitch most likely does Knowing what you want doesnt make you a bitch.
Known to take a nigga bitch real quick Kobe Bryant is such a bitch.
Grow up pussy.
Kobe is fat Im white Some people just retarded lol Yall really think Kobe Fat tho???
Kobe to Dwight You a soft muthafucka, and you a bitch ass nigga!
lmaooo Krakin this bitch ipem at 12...
ELEMENTS Kratataaaaa swag bitch Kyles a bitch L7 niggas will rock anything a bad bitch post post on these social sites..
LA is the only place where you will see some of the baddest bitches in the world ...
At the bus stop LITERALLY Fat hoes hold a nigga down LMAO Yes no Is it ok to beat a bitch up over some tweets or nah?
LMAO post away about this bitch Ive seen all the memes the word has to offer in regards to me i honestly dont care.
LMAO You a bitch.
LMAO what a comeback.
says the twat with the sides of her head shaved like a damn asshole.
Twitter little bitch ass site .
LMAOO Tyga wife hoes and teenagers his life sucks LMAOO beans this bitch is so stupid smh LMAOOO gasp that bitch
Yall do too much from behind a phone LMAOOOOOOO Record Scratches Damn Twitter famous bitches out hea strippin!?
LMFAO I found my diary me complaining about you being a bitch tbt Im DEAD LMFAO shut up u slutty white hoe Didnt know the Pats got DESTROYED tonight LMFAOOOO LMFAO, stupid bitch tells me at the door they already started, and to come back.
UMMMM NAH LMFAOO somebody commented on my book saying I need Medical Attention bitch you the one reading it LMFAOOOOOO GAY AS FUCK get these two faggots off my TL LMaoooo.
Gucci really ass but for some hoes Ill bump a couple songs LMaoooo.
And like, Densuaw.
Jesus healed folks wit Leoparcy but yall hoes wanna get leopard print tattoos LOL I just remember that same bitch said she liked my hair then asked is it yours?
LOL what bitches yea go get the bouncer we were eye ballin your clearly pussy ass LRG ass nigguh LSU got a lot of thirsty, muching, nasty hoes.
Football team stay running thru yall meal ticket wanting hoes lol Ladies if your head game better than your pussy Ladies love a real nicca Ladies remember other women including your friends are trifling you speak TOO great about your nigga other bitches WILL try him smh lol Ladies you are not a hoe if you fucked on the first night.
Dont let these lonely bitches lie to you.
Ladies, do yall shavewax before visiting ur OBGYN or let it grow out because u dont wanna seem like a hoe?
if your pussy better than your personality.
Lady next to me gon say her cooch is itching burning she thinks she got a uti.
No bitch thats something else down there Lakers are trash right now.
Lamar Odom is such a little bitch.
Lame mcs still let hoes in stilettos play them those hoes nothin
To us we aint pimps but they still cant press this average Lame niggas trash.
Lame niggaz wait in line, wait for bitches, wait to create, wait for someone else to do shit for them.
Lashontae a bad bitch times 3 Last night this bitch was talking bout she wanna smoke go to wingstop.
Last time I wore the shirt Im wearing today I fought a bitch.
on no ratchet bs but she yanked the fuck outta this shirt.
Last year I cuffed that bitch well now its ovaaaaaa Lasted year i cuffed that bitch , Well now its over !
Late night phone convos with my hoomie that nigga a gook Late night studio sessions.....bitch I got that work!!!!!!!!brickk.ent.
ya bitch...ycg.night life Latina bitches only Laughin at all yall bitches Laughing at these hoes Lawd Jesus lets pray for these hoes Lawd, I got so many enemies,,, bitches I dont even know ..
LeBron bout to cry lil bitch LeVar Burton called Shatner a bitch lol.
Lean wit it, Rock wit it az niccas.
Lol Leap tall hoes in a single bound.
Leave a nicca traumatized Leave it to the bitch thats sharing her pussy with everyone to fuck up the relationship of the only people in love in the house Leave it up to Ronson to make my ass laugh when Im heated....
Fucking bitch ...
Leave the bitchen to bitches Lebron Warm up jacket full then a bitch Lebron gone dunk that hoe like that with ease Lebron is such a pussy..
always has to get picked up for cramps and shit Left a nice little message in his inbox so he deleted the comment where he called me a bitch these Left my calc final singing Im a boss ass bitch if thats any indication on how that went....
Left my last bitch along aint no need for stressing Leg day made me its bitch.
Lemme find out that bitch nigga talking shit Lesbians all be like yoho and scissor me timbers!
Lesson is 4 heterosexuals.
Wat else do we need besides Michael Sam for us fags to get a clue.
Breeders have their thing we have ours Let a bitch be a bitch n a hoe be a hoe!
Let a bitch say I got a small dick on god Ill whip that shit out and show everyone in the room what I got.
Let a bitch try and set me up , she gone be stuck between a rock nd dis mufuckin Glock!
MY BITCH BAD SHE TERRIBLE Let a niggah try me Let a nigguh try me , fuck around fuck around fuck around meet his daddy Let her be a hoe, why you stopping her?
Let him fuck his side hoes in peace smh wish my boyfriend would respond to my texts Let me delete that for the little bitch Reports me to Mr.Olsen Let me find out Floyd Mayweather is being a bitter bitch today all on the social networks..
Let me go on my block phase cause you hoes steady coming for me Let me see them titties bitch, ice cream.
Let me show you how that pussy work!!!!
Brian McKnight should have more accolades.
Let me tell yall....I had a glass of something sweet....this bitch brought me a full glass, im thinking its the same thing and start gulping Let me text my hoes gm or sumpin Let niggas hate, bitches loving it.
lmao take her to the hood were they do most good Let them hoes be great Yall bitches be really reaching for the sidetitty look Let these hoes be great Let these hoes be hoes.
Thats all we know Let those bitches keep loving sosa Lets Go LA my niccas no matter what Lets not forget kim dont fight I kill hoes Lets run a train on this bitch Lets see how this goes lol Im using my coupon haha kik, dm, text, or if ya down tweet that hoe lolololol Lets go hoes!!
trust an believe meeeeee Lets these hoes be hoes thats all we know Lex Steele I know yall know him he been knocking hoes off for years and moaning in the process Libertarians can be such pussies thought you believed in self defense, yet you want a peaceful revolution?
Liberty and justice for all Go get me a sandwich nigger or Ill kill you Life Im not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they cant get over.
Life aint nothin but bitches and money.
Light skin niccas always wanna try to be Ike Turner!
Lol only if u can take one back Light skin niggah Lighting my pretty ass up w them yellow stars lls Lightskins and Spanish girls be acting like breaking niggas hearts is a necessity.
Stop being cruel bitch Lightskins be like Yall got me fuck up Im dicking down them young bitches for there refund check I got to pay rent Like gives a SHIT about or some other fuckin NAZI FUCK with a fuckin .
DONT MAKE ME LAUGH Like , hoes aint gone be satisfied until some more bodies come up missing in Hattiesburg ..
Like HELLO my feet were clearly on the back of the desk bitch!
Like I cant have niggas thinkin hotep talk time is apart of my party sets.
Like I said...
fuck a LeBron.
His fan base, bandwagons, dick riders, loyal ass eaters.
I dont like bitch niggas those that love one.
Like Nike bitch just do it!
Like a skinny model boney bitch Like a woman to tell you what she wants you to do without sounding like a bossy demanding bitch.The art to that is sexy.
Like bad kids bitch we reckless.
Like bitch Like bitch that aint even attractive Smh Like bitch y u aint do that in the first place?
Like bitch youre a man.
Like damn hoe I gave you a chance when you was average, Why you aint beauty make over when we was together.
Like dont play with me bitch Like freaky bitch but I fucks with her Like fucc I got into it wit my mama, ajay, the damn lunch lady, duddy, montea lowkey, some lit raggedy hoe all in one day Like god damn you dirty bitch Like keke say real niggas got a heart too it just take a real bitch for him to show it Like lex so fine she can have all my hoes, imma make my husband by her a Lamborghini Like literally after Im done texting someone when I dont text back I slide the bitch to the left , Id win that money Like my 3rd grade teacher used to say, you either eat pussy, or you are one.
Like my momma said dont waste yo time on plzing des fake ass bitches and bum ass dudes cause they aint gone get u nowhere but pregnant and Like my twat Like out of no where youve become an inconsiderate bitch and Im BEYOND done with your shitty attitude Like real shit dude da closest nicca I done seen to AI Like she got a death touch?
This bitch standing in front of me looking like rogue from the xmen Like some nigga lie to bitches wonder why they go crazy ...
That aint me Like stop being a bitch for 3.2 seconds.
Like that bitch Ernest or somebody Like the hoes when they lay w me..
Puppy eyes when I go, Sayin stay wit me Like the song French, got all the black bitches mad because my main bitch strawberry Lololol Like these nigguhs pussy theres no other thesis Likka downtown bitch at a secondline!
Man yeah thats ball game Teddy Bridgewater gettin in , we hit 03 Lil 16 yo in trouble for beatin a bitch showing the judge zero respect.
Lol brooklyn niggas and they temper Lil Wayne has fucked every bad bitch in the game Lil bitch Lil bitch ass Lil bitch but her ass move Lil bitch coulda let me go, I was right by my house !
Lil bitch dumb Lil bitch with enough ass a future Lil cuz need to help a bitch out Lil dumb ass bitch I aint fucking with you Lil hoe tweets on point Lil riri sittin pretty while u bitches layin petty Lil seaside hoes walkin to our side...
For whaaat Lima fears change but yet wants to bitch about how much it sucks Listen to her She curving you on the low What it mean if a girl thinks u have the hoes but u dont???
Listening to the Latina women talk about their baby daddys andbeating bitches asses makes being in the sub at 9am worth it...a little bit Listing to my dumb ass mom just getting my eyebrows done at a new place the bitch fucced them up I have picture day tomorrow Literally every man in my fam copped a bad white bitch as a wife.
Unless a latina comes around Literally just got shit on by a seagull.....
Youre gonna fuckin die bird Literally was in the best mood and bitches literally killed my vibe Litterally cant wait for this weekend with my bad bitches Little bitch!!
Little fucking gook who smells like shit.
An than thinking theyre the motherfuckin boss.
THE FUCK!
Living with my bitches Living with my bitches, hashtag live Lmao My nicca!
getting pussy is so easy when they believe youre Omar Eppss brother or The Steelers Head Coachs son.
Lmao I mean damn bitch you was almost ready 20 minutes ago Lmao I look like some 80s retard today Lmao Lebrons expression says it all This nigga is a fuckin faggot Lmao The food aint gon run from you FAT bitch Lmao Yeah that pussy yours Cee Come get some breakfast from Boom!
Breakfast PLZ Lmao If u live wit ya girl and u do dishes u a faggot Lmao So none of you bitches on my tl dirty???
Lmao Yo a cooned out nigger boy Lmao Thats all it take ?
Ima start lifting bitches up after the club too Lmao bitches is crazy...after reading the first sentence to yaself jus see how dumb you sound...
Lmao chill spook You think you Better than niggas cause you in Miami you ber colored Faggot ?
Lmao drake is on some bullshit with Serena Williams, wallah she looks like a tranny Lmao he left that bitch Lmao if I catch u in tha field Im blowin shut yo bitch ass up opp lol Lmao let these hoes be hoes aint no Savin nem Lmao look at these hoes Lmao shorty twitter name is pussy 2 chubby...lmfao im dead Lmao that the funniest way to disrespect a person by calling him a itty bitty bitch.
Makes me feel low in life Lmao they got the Titanfall jump in this bitch Lmao this bitch high asf and she asked me Do I look high?
Lmao this bitch thinks she fancy with some michael kors Lmao this bitch.
Lmao trifling ass bitch!
Lmao wack ass rappers stay mad, make better music then little bitch.
get on the suck my dick list Lmao wallah youre nasty bitch Lmao!
You faggot punk bitch.
Is fish pussy wett?
Harden look like the last air bender out this bitch.
You niggas regionally picky about hoes now.
NOBODY cleans a house FASTER than a nigga expecting some pussy.
I still feel played bout this hoe.
These hoes!
Lmaoo Bad bitch Can I hit that?
You matching or.....?
Bad bitch bats eyelashes
.........are you matching or?
Lmaoo I shouldve seen that coming fat bitches need love to Craig Lmaoo ur a bitch for not following back Lmaoo bruh make a song called uber and the hook can be that uber make that pussy wet Lmaoo Stfu..who are u to prefer what a woman wears on her feet bitch I hate bitches that wear wedges Lmaoo man this bitch thinks shes so intelligent.
I missed it Lmaoooo His sister probably got the pussy that night Lmaoooo deep That girl curved every nigga that tried to holla and nobody said fuck you then bitch...
Lmaoooo nah Im down here turning up Yah not gonna believe this but being a bitch in BG being a bitch LmaooooRemember when yall bitches were Lotus Flower Bombs around this time last year Lmaooooo bitches be like relationship goals.
Dumb ass nigga Lmaooooo im outta here Bobby Shmurda looks like a negro league player Lmaoooooo That bitch stripping at a murder scene My view Lmaoooooo Dre really is a big sloppy bitch.
Hes fat as shit.
Lmaoooooo lil Dave you a hoe for that Lmaoooooooo You woke up a faggot didnt you My nigga aint get carded since I was a sophomore b Lmaoooooooo Dumped the shyt outta me.
Fuck wrong with her.
Im perfect like angel pussy Lmaoooooooo!
DAngelo prolly nice as shit at Madden now.
Fat bitch.
Lmfao Fat hoes in tight clothes be lookin like a half opened can of biscuits Lmfao Eating pussy Of what?
I really want my braces off its in the way Lmfao I only twerk to Somewhere in America because when Hov says twerk, you twerk bitch!!
Lmfao all bitches is hoes then Lmfao bitch got her shit rocked Lmfao but we dont talk gtfoh bitch I guessed it!
I was right Lmfao custy bitches be like come on in Lmfao hoe Lmfao niggas was going ham on the trash can in class.
You knew you was sidechick.
Lmfao this is some straight up retarded shit up in here Lmfao u sloth trinidad james with a relaxer lookin ass bitch i hate niggers, imma start talking to white boys.
Lmfao watching Brokeback Mountain with Taylor cuz weve both never seen it aha Lmfao..
texting it to u now I told u to text me what I need to buy for the salad a bitch hungry Lmfaooo nigga Nigga, yo lips look like a charcoal bitch pussy.
Lmfaooo this bitch hits my car and calls the cops and says it was my fault dumb bitch Lmfaooo Two bad bitches giving me head at the same dam time......
LOL Lmfaoooo fizz baby mama snatched that bitch soul Lmfaooooo Cant trust a bitch that dont smile with her teeth.
Lmfaoooooo Im so glad my shorty aint all over twitter and IG tryna be a famous Columbus hoe Lmfaoooooo LMFAOOOOOOOPOOOOOO here come yo bitch ass auntie Lmfaooooooooo bro Strippers on twitter talking about how much money they made tonight.
Like bitch i will rob you Load this bitch up with Kool Aid Lock 5 fat bitches in 1 room for 5 days with just 5 Mcdoubles.
Now thats hunger games Lol The baddest bitches be porn stars n strippers Lol active Idgaf about an active hoe as long as shes not fucking my man.
Lol me next time bitch Lol Father has bitches pouring arizona tea on themselves in this one video Lol I followed the bitch just so I can unfollow her cause she talkin shit, shit away with her two Lol I love when ppl think ima fucking look away like a pussy when I catch them staring at me lmao LOOK AWAY HOE Lol I make hoes madd hahhaha, .
Lol I never understood retards who use the atm and pay a 2 fee to get 20 and put it in gas so the dont pay the credit price Lol I see what you did there hell yeah bitches hate that shit Lol I told Kenzies bf I was going to stop cussing and he lold in my face like bitch u dont even know me Lol I told my brother imma good christin girl he said nah u a wholesome hoe lmaoo so bogus who says shit like dat he mean af Lol It aint nun wrong wit Tryn to be 1 of da realist niccas n da city tho Lol Jk I changed my number on them hos Lol Lebron a bitch..
Now that basketball is back say goodbye to sports center..
Lol Nicca dime game got soo much clout niccas goin to da store to buy sum dice Lol Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me Lol Youuuuu got niggas but I dont got bitches Lol Most chicks that go to Enon are hoes or reformed hoes Lol Sam said Betty Boop is a hoe Lol actually bitch please choke on my nuts.
Lol at bitches thinking Kanye is the perfect man because he opened the car door for his wife..
You bitches dont know wtf yall need..
Lol at the random fist fight aka pussy shove match at DnD tonight.
Lol at these honkies talking trash Im done with this shit Lol at this bitch ass boy telling me how to respond to peer pressure for values of peer pressure that equal being called a groupie Lol bitch Lol bitch u a has been Lol bitch you think youre classy?
THE FUCK EVER Lol bitches be hella mad about they exs like why cant you be friends and forget about the past Lol dat bitch petty Lol faggot team pipe beef Lol hell naw fuck dat one swing all swing bitch one gone get punch then the rest gone get punched tf out lmao Lol im out here curving bitches like im taken Lol its 436 and bitches are out here staggering drunk Lol la thats why I aint fuck with jitt I never wanna be labeled a hoe Lol life Made her a hoe Lol look is Mike Browns twitter.
Gentle Giant my ass Lol my brother a fag Mann Lol my brothers just said he a pussy ass niga well in the words of wizdom I second dat lmaoo leave u hurt out here Lol my porn name is master licker wtf y I gotta have dat bitch ass name Lol niccas remember the ginyu force Lol niggas out here saving hoes Lol niggas still be talking about me threw bitches smh Lol petty ass Lmmfaooooo a hoe Lol shawty at sheets gave me her number haha I throw tht shit in trash outside Lol stop fuckin wit dem birds.
Fuck yall hoes all yall do is lie Lol thats some hoe shit Lol they tricking niccas left n right Lol this freshman said why dress up as a baby thats so retarded, I said well I mean u act like a baby so might as well dress like one Lol this girl makes fun of guys for having like light voices but Im just like bitch your voice is like deeper than five men together wtf Lol u mad motherfuckin hoe Lol when a nigga say he miss u say dont miss me miss ya bitch lmao Lol youre a cunt liar and I hope you drop dead k Lol!!
QT You little twats.
Lol, so since Im from the south I automatically sound like a fucking redneck.
Hahahaha how about fuck you, stupid ass.
Lol, what I look like waiting on another nigga bitch.
Nice crutch hoe.
Lololol joey lattimes phone just called him retarded Lolololol not to be a hoe but that was a nyyce one Long hair pussy any time you want it Long neck ass bitch lmbo Longway bitch Look A Yall Makeup bitches , Lookin like a ghost when ya wake up bitches Look at me.
Does it look like I give a fuck?
Or half a fuck?
Or the square root of a fuck.
The slope of my fuck is zero.
pussy popping for usher.
Look at them hoes, man fuck them hoes niggah lets get smoked Look at this bad bitch Look at this coon ass nigga here.....
Standing on a damn toilet, looking around for his manhood...
Look at this fucking kaffirs hairdo.
Only a nigger Look at this little faggot.
Itll make her smile Look at this pussy Look at yall bitches only Hmu when ya wifi on bitches Look at you lying ass bitches couldnt finish school stripping on ya mind ass bitches Look at you..
All my niggas look pussy as fuck Look bitch ..
Go and suck a dick Im a real street nicca I aint wit Dat sucka shit!!
Look rich act poor and never trip over a bitch that aint yours Look.
Call me a dumb stoner.
Say Im an asshole.
But we alllll know I can rap bitch, shut the hell up hahaha.
Looked like you but at the same time looked like some biker bitch or punk rock bitch from a 90s movie Lookin at my bitch i bet she give yo ass a bone Lookin at u hoes Lookin for your bitch she probably with me ?
Lookin like a total swag fag ayeeee Looking like a nappy headed hoe but reppin that Patrick Ewing crew neck tho Looks like the next douche bag to be crowned governor is some ghoul named Ducey rhymes with douchy Lord just shut up you pathetic ass bitch youre so worthless Lord please get me out of this ghetto ass hospital Los bitch taught me the true meaning of gravity when her panties kissed her ankles!
Los bitch told me if my name start with a D i could fuck...A B C SHE GOT THE D Los pussy ass lost by 3 points!!
I WINNNNNNNNN Lot of my peeps playing 2nite, G playing against the heat, my nig Louie playing against Rutgers, and my girl tif playing in the WNBA finals Lou is such a lil bitch Love a bitch fight Love fat hoes n tight clothes n granny panties seeeexxaaaay.
Love getting nudes from my bitches Love having subs cause when my Mom starts being a fucking bitch I just crank up the system.
Simple solutions Love my bitches Love when the bitches take selfies with their tongue out, just gearin up for that money shot Love you more, than those bitches before.
Big booty bitches.
Lovin hoes but thats same bitch we put the pipe in.
She suckin dick, thats the same bitch you give goodnight kiss Low info people are pissed!!
Dumb fucks.
Race baiting bitches Lowkey got a Fan of my hoop skills at lbcc aha he my niggah now lol Lowkey youre still my bitch Loyal pussy forever bein better than the bitch thats been passed around.
Lucky bitch still in Ecuador Luda said that his bitch bad, well mine looks better in any weather lol Luke Bryan is such a faggot tool Lying bitch Lynch mob thugs threaten Zimmerman jury Nggas coming for that bitch assjury The hatred wont stop flowing,, ME TOO!!!
im finna look for tht hoe...but shiiiid...i know sumptin bout a cont MURDER HER When u fuck with crazy bitches shit like this happens Feel bad for ol boy MY CHEST ima make a song called perez hilton and its gonabe about a gay party boy whos a fat slut with no bitches.
NIGGA!!
Feel good to not have no hoes.
Ma bottom bitch cotton pick if I tell her too , she give me money all yo hoe give you is attitude Macc Cheese Maccin these bitches Makin my Cheese Mad that its a pussy gym and full of fuck people Made it to the World Series.
Ned Yost out here fucking everybody bitch on the low.
Made one of my all time favorites look like a bitch on the grandest stage of em all Magic 8 ball are these hoes loyal?
Majority of the hoes on this gram instafrontin Make my burger bitch Make sure that pussy clean Cuz ima eat until you scream Make up artists cover up for selling pussy or second gig for bartenders or students Make your first impression with me the best or like Nino Brown ima cancel that bitch Makem eat my ass since eating pussy aint major nomore Makeup be saving alot of these bitches from being single Makeup save you hoes Man .
Ducked me like a true hick.
Would have split that white trash faggot lid Man I cant stop looking at this hoe twerking on my Facebook Man I do have hoes and they are all in the same location Man I hope she dont think I think she a hoe.
Man I just watched that 50 shades of gay trailer and that shit looked like the wackest movie of all time.
Yall be hyping up trash on here Man I rather see the morning selfies of bitches who dont change they look with the case of the Mondays then see the jaybey poster.
Man I swear todays like nation hit tony while hes driving day....
This chink almost smashed into me...
Man I thought that heifer was yo old bitch, when you first went to the feds I was that nigga she would smoke with.
Man I wish this bitch would just STFU!!!
Man Im tired of dealing with these hoes but my dick not Man Im tryin to take my intoxication to Charlie Sheen levels today and Im going to do just that Man Im tryna give Chief Keefs mixtape a chance but this shit trash Man bitches love Beyonce....no punch line Man dude next to me got 2 of the worst looking hoes I ever seen but hey it is 2 Man fuck these bitch ass niggas, how yall doin?
Man heartburn is a bitch Man if a bad washington heights chick on Dyckman likes me grabs her pussy and yells out whats good son Im still fuckin Man if that bitch dont call me back for the job cuhh, uma be snapping.
Man its some bad built bitches in San Antonio.....
if u cant wear a thong on the beach yo ass bet not retweet this Man my bitch is beautiful Helen of Troy.
Man stop acting like faggots and go for the WIN!
Man that bad bitchesbroke niggaz tweet was a trap.I feed bullshit negativity and niggaz line up for a plate.
Man that nigga Courage always bein a bitch.
HIT DAT SHIT LIL NIGGA Man that run game aint no hoe.
Fuck Alex.
dont even need his bitch ass Man theres a lot of fat bitches here Man these bitches are so boring yo.
Where the outgoing, fun, wild bitches at Man these hoes so familiar, one minute on the team next minute they aint witcha Man this bitch smells like cheap lip stick Man who da fuck let this hoe in the background looking like a got damn Zebra Man why do these hoes even bother wearing clothes when theyre going out like that.
Man why the ugliest bitches talk the most.
Man, I got fucked within an inch of my life this evening, Im so unbothered by that bitch Man, Im wish big booty bytches would use some other nickname other than Judy...
Man, aunt petunia is a royal bitch.
Mane if dis nicca call me 1 mo time n say he Finna pull up but dnt pull up Mane wtf I wake up look at da window its showin like a mf outside...Good thing a nicca went to Walmart yesterday Good Aone snacks Mann that pussy Mann..
Jada Pickett was a badddddd bitch Mannnnnn these hoes aint loyal Maple Room bitch SACTO STYLE Marca got so many hoes she confused on what to do Marcus Colston so damn trash.
Marcus is in this hoe schleeeeeeeeeeppppppp Marijuana turn good pussy great..
Marijuana, hydro, pussy hoe, ass titties Marilyn Monroe set the standard for what hoes can achieve in society Married a skinny bitch but trickin wit a thick bitch..
She got sum big hips I call that boa a hypocrite Mary Jane is a dumb bitch Peter has a job saving the city as Spiderman and shes bitching about how he hasnt came to her play Math is forever confusing to me Matt cancer free gotta hoes throw him some booty before his bedtime Matt got the shades on tryin to scope a bitch Maury is funny sometimes, but the ratchet hoes on there need to get knocked the fuck out!
k bitch.
On the bright side Texas has hott bitches Maybe Ill love you one day, maybe well someday grow.
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that runway hoe.
Maybe Im just some bitter ass nigguh like Obito Maybe Im the one, maybe Im the two, maybe Im the nigguh that you call when youre through.
Maybe if you werent such a conceited bitch more people would like you.
Maybe next time i day drink ill balance it out with my bitch mary jane cause Maybe reluctantly, but theyve done it.
Maybe you should eat makeup so you can be pretty on the inside also bitch.
Mayweather is a pussy hes only winning cus he picks his fight and he picks the nobody fighters .
Mcdonalds pipe self defence beating This is one nigger whos hand I would shake.
Me Elizabeth are down bitches.
we aint wearing nun of that designer shit.
That shit basic af Me and Bryan still out this bitch Me and da gonna do a reboot of da Jeffersons.
Only dis time he gonna be Weezy and we married pre op trannies Me and my big ol titty bitch Me and my bitch Me and my bitch song Me and my homie ROCKIN that bitch all night NOW Me and my nig be running shit in Miami on the court, we only lost one game in 3 days Me and my nigguh stay doin it Me calling bout a nigga shit for the birds.
then a nigga that aint fucking me I do not fucking care Me n niccas ya type Neva exchange s ..
Wanna talk down n still gain from us!
Me to Caffenate me, bitch because I dont know how to use Daves coffee maker Me when folks try to come for me.
coolin with all my hoes Me Mom, honestly, thank you for making me a bad bitch.
Me put a twist tie on the bags of ice or youll get it all over your car Kiersten NAHH bitch itll be all cool....
Meek do some nut shit one time he a bitch I guess yall forgot all the hoe shit Wale did on twitter oh ok Meek mill said get yo game up before you lose yo bitch damn lol Megatron mustve fucked Stafford bitch or something..
Mei Haruka is tied up and takes three cocks in her pussy andmouth Melo shouldve got the bitch for the east Member when bitches put le in front of everything.
Merry Christmas bitches Merry Christmas to all yall bitches and hoes Messi is thinking , Ronaldo is such a bitch, couldnt even make it out his group ahaaaaa Messy ass hoes , aint your fucking friend !
Messy asss bitches , I would blast yall dumb bitches but im not even gon stoop to yalls level Met a bad bitch from Chicago.
My hat wasnt cocked, yo.
Met a foreign bitch at Wesley .
she better call me Met this bitch online.
Call her my ebae Mfs dont care about tha kid except a few of my niggas my bitch Mfs see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together caption it Goals, bitch all they doing is going down the stairs MiMi was so worried bout Stevie J marriage that bitch aint even realize she made a sex tape with a married man MiNos Caption this Nah bitch...were gonna keep our virginities Miami bitches Michael Sam being cut further proves that we fags dont belong in football or , it is a heterosexual sport for heterosexuals.
The hoes on Twitter and Instagram make just it smaller.
Middle Eastern and Indonesian women are beautiful.
Miley Cyrus went from a a singer who had her t.v show to a stripper who cant rap,she need a big ass and tiddy and she will be dat bitch Miley cyrus kinda looks like a retarded care bear....
Milk Marie dont approve to you ugly hoes Milk Marie she got pretty pussy call it pink cause a nigga fell in love with it.
Million dollar bitch slap a ho Millions of niggas can rap.
Like a quality song.
Shit you can play wit the bitches?
Minus all the retarded poor bots.
Miss ma niggah leo Miss these scary hoes!
Miss you lil bitch Missouri got them swag fags lmao Mitt Romney Gone take away weave if he become President, hoes gone be walkin around looking like Lil Bill Calliou...
Mix it up, bitches.
MoNique made a whole fucking career offa call slim girls Skinny bitches.
She lost the weight BECAUSE IT WAS UNHEALTHY and now shes done Model bitches in the gym working on they fitness but it dont mean nothing cuz they still gon buy some titties!
Mom just called me a rude ass hoe Mom really came in and found anything possible to bitch about Mom said I couldnt have chocolate milk past nine so I punched that bitch in the pussy Mom youve been a real bitch lately Mom heard a song about some guy with bitches, and a long something or other so he could fuck the world for 72 hours or something...
lolol Momma always told me I was crazy , am the hoes say Im amazing but I dont listen to a lady !
Momma always told me I was crazy and the hoes say Im amazing but I dont listen to a lady Moms is a hoe...a disrespectful one Yall bitches are trash Monday like Saturday bitch Money the best pussy Money aint a thang, bitch thats a lie.
It only controls every bitch thats alive.
Money cant buy you love so I dont pay for no pussy Money doesnt make me happy one bit.
I can get pussy being dead ass broke tho tbh Money first woman second but you hoes are last !
Money has bin on my mind lately so I think its time to leave the hoes alone and get with the program Money make bitches fuck and niggas steal Money only impresses broke bitches.
Money over bitches even though I love ladies Money pussy freedom!
Money, hoes, cars and clothes Monkey see, monkey do, Narnfraud?
Monopoly is fucking stupid fuck that dumb ass game bitch ass shit Montana, Wisconsin, Maine, New Hampshire, North AND South Dakota, Wyoming.
More disability bigotry from the left how can you defend Palin and her retards?
Moreno be a little bitch.
You dumb bitch.
Most Jordans that dropped in 2014 were trash only fucked with like 3 pair and thats including the columbian Most niccas broke but always n the limelight Most niggas send hate thru the bitches Most of time I be thinking bitch when u gonna give me that pussy Most of you hoes copy and paste but there has to be someone they are copying from.
Most these bitches aint real Mother Nature is drunk again, this bitch knows how to party.
Replied with for her to not go crazy, and my sister to not be a bitch.
Mother b is such a bitch Mother fuck everything you got going on today because Im going to Vegas in a few hours, bitch.
Motherfuckas tryna hate on my whip acting like they got cooler interiorlight up speakers hell nah bitch boys Moving has been a bitch this weekend Moving is always a bitch..
Mr.nvr get no pussy u a virginnnn Ms St aint no hoe.
They fuckin Auburn up Mufuckas been followin me on this bitch, tho.
Mum agrees with me, ur being a wee moody cunt and you cani deal with the fact im right Mum told me about that guy from one direction puffin on the dutchy nd I was like so?
Murda mook to that shit Murda mook!!!!
Music .....you make me sick bitch Music is the only bitch I put up with Music sounds a million times better in my car I love having a sub and new speakers.
Its like a mini rave in this bitch.
Must have been a light skin hoe Lmfao wtf she mean af HE WASNT READY BRUH RIP!!
Musta let dem retards out to food shop.
Yall know not to step on a niggas shoes Mute it hoe.
Mutes pussy..
And and smh My sister use to walk the blade EVERYNIGHT so the way I see it that bitch dont have NO PLACE to try tell me wtf I should shouldnt do My 2014 saying is bitch go get yo nigga hoe cuz Im gonna beat yo ass just like am gonna beat nigga bitch go get yo nigga My Fantasy reign starts today!
Got pussy nigga Los up first lmao...cmon Seattle D cut upppppp!!!
My Instagram is being a bitch and telling me I cant follow this person fuck this My Instagram song aint bout me postin pictures its about how hoes not allowed to post pictures of me and I aint posting none of them My Lil cousin been locked up for 2 years for beating a bitch with.
Metal bucket My Moor friends,no not black friends,but Moor friends said Nigger came from Nigeria...You are so lost..Stop tagging me...
My Ralph Lauren jacket comes tomorrow.
Im giving out free hugs so these bitches can know what high quality fabric feels like.
My True life episode comes on later on tonight at 8pm central time.
True Life I wanna be a tranny.
My advice of the day If your a tranny.....go fuck your self!
My alarm clock should be callin lol wake yo ass up and get this money bitch !
My asshole credentials?
Even rednecks hate me.
My aunt said Im handsome fuck you hoes My baby Lexy.
She is a whole aint shit bitch in the winter.
Sorry ass RWD thats her only flaw.
That was about Why bitches act like I CANT READ or like words dont have a meaning.
My bae said u bitches watch yall mouth lmao My barber not bein able to cut my hair yesterday really prevented me from goin to the club and gettin mad bitches b he owe me 3 free cuts My best friend loves Justin beiber what a fag My bestfriend is the BIGGEST bitch I know.
My bitch My bitch Remy stuck in 06 My bitch ass buddy pmo My bitch ass like an allergic reaction she service my faction My bitch bad My bitch bad like Brittany but I wish I had Brittany My bitch bad lookin like a bag of laundry My bitch bad piece, yo bitch got bad feet My bitch bad, she from the islands.
My bitch bre been ina good mood they freed her young hogg My bitch can be anything except average My bitch cold not average you couldnt fuck my last bitch My bitch cold not average.
My bitch say Im in the dog house FUCK YOU MEAN My bitch say Im in the dog house fuck you mean My bitch was so loaded last night My bitch won Ralphy for me.
Thanks My bitch work for chic fil and she says this is not real b TO SAVE A LIFE My bitches are related .
My bitches cleaning My bitches get them Christians nigga My bitches not average.
Ya girl want me she gon get fucked aint no askin My bitches pop that pussy,pop that gum and pop pills My blue flag brite nd ya bitch blowing me like play bagpipes My boy got the hoes now!
My boyfriend is such a smart ass bitch watch yourself you wear the pants but I fucking unzip them.
My brother doesnt know what American horror story is bitch you lame ass fuck My brother is a fucking pussy.
My brother thincc im playing he keep putting the AC on 60, fuccing wit me Ill break it we will ALL be in this bitch burning UUUUP My brothers ex was a fat hog man I swear this is the reason why he doesnt have any money or anything right now its cause of that white hoe My car so wet My bitch so wet when I drive i car pool My cat is fighting the street cat carry through the glass in my room.
My cat just rolled on me and said lets go run a game of 21, bitch My cats a bitch niggah.
My cheapest, broke ass meal?
I put syrup on them bitches.
My clothes are always retro, sexual like im hetro, and I play a bitch like nintendo, takee her for a ride in my benzo.
My cousin bio on her Instagram light skin, dark skin, brown skin bitches holla at me she funny as hell My cousin just said these hoes aint shit.
I aint shit either.
Got me dying over here lol My dad goes son of a bitch and just lights a cigarette in the kitchen...
Oh My dad is a bitch.
My dad is such a bitch My dad just said Karl was always the biggest pussy of all 3 of the kids, Im sorry Karl, but...
Youre just a pussy I love my dad LMFAO My dad just told s dad to text one of their friends and say hashtag pussy.
Hahahaha Im done My dad talking about my dogs fetching skills I seen that nigga do mad shit, air bud my ass, air pussy My dads friend was telling my dad and I about how he got some good pussy last night, and how she was a good lay.
Haha My dawg told me its a must I be this Saturday ROCKIN that bitch wit Tha My dick wants some pussy My dick, your bitch on it.
My doctor tonight is such a miserable cunt.
Even my nurse is pissed off.
My dog is number 1 bae and way over these hoes My dog just lifted her leg to pee.
Shes such a butch bitch.
My dogs man I remember ok girl text my phone on they bs squads was ready deep thenna bitch ready to go My down bitch my crime partner ima bitch when he get mad my lil doctor My duck got big as fuck.
Yes, duck, like the bird.
My dumbass has a redskins mcnab jersey My ex just wanted a reason to continue to be a whole hoe outchea and tried to make me feel bad for a comment from a thirsty.
My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga My expectations are high when it comes to anything.
that shit needa be a1 to me My eyes brows finna be on fleekate fleek bitch My eyes feel so chink eyed My favorite is thats a dumb bitch, who just posted a pic and isnt sure she should have or not!
My goal one day is to own a nice Rolex and wear that hoe everyday My god mother thinks im a stoner because she has someone watch my tweets lmfao, no ya boy clean as nikki minaj pussy My grandpa hooked his friend up with some pussy in Vegas.
My hair is one of a kind so dont ever fix your mouth to say our hair is alike cause guess what hoe IT AINT.
My hobbies consist of sleeping subtweeting about random people from school that dont even know me because Im a judgemental bitch My hoes Trippin lol My hoes love to go shoppin My hoes they do drugzzz My homeboy got a hoe number on house arrest ...
i said thats good she wont ask to go anywhere My honky, my honky.
My motherfucking honky.
My house is so piece full, thank god these little jungle bunnies are outta my face My job some hoes, how you gonna call at 734 talking bout come to work at 8 ummm no Im staying in bed.
My life is going to a bitch for 6 short weeks My lil bitch a vet she say she need a dog My lil bitch just called me, said she needa break.
Cuz bitch Im doin GREAT!
My lil cool ass bitch she from northside My lil cousin be hating.
Bitches always want the older nigga, not my fault nor did I fuck the bitch so chill..lol My main bitch my side bitch mad at me I could give two fuckssss My main bitch and my side bitch mad at me, I could give two fucks....
all I need is two cups My main bitch called to tell me she missed me.
My main bitch is a ghost My main girl Tryna get a blessing why my side hoe Tryna get affection My mains riri22barbie georgegia yessssss turntup.
bitches My manager is retarded bruh always asking siri some spellings.
..this nigga is dum af doe My managers a stupid cunt yes I said it My mentions tl moving fast af sorry if Im flooding yo shit Im lowkey tryna get off this hoe for yall My mf dawggg I miss this hoe man My mom bitches too much My mom is a cunt My mom is so clueless to whats going on with me lol she like you cant trust negros witcha money lmfao whaaaat?
My mom just bought a bunch of new sandles then chipped her toe nails now its like World War 3 in this bitch My mom seen my progress report was like so wtf is up wit this B bitch wtf do you NOT see them 7 As tf she just Ungreatful My mom told me never use the word cunt...
Cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt My moms a fucking cunt dude.
My moms younger brothers gonna come disrespect my mom call her a bitch my cousins gonna tell my mom to STFU!
My momma keep talking to me like bitch gtf Im on Twitter.
My moms a worse bitch than me like ugh I cant stand that hoe.
My mother even bitched his bitch ass ctfu My name is Bryanna you can find me at , Im the baddest bitch youll meet, because everybody wants to be me My neice getting so big ...
My nephew keeps tryna kiss me and Im like bitch you got zero followers, dismiss yourself.
My new bitch eat a dick like a bratwurst My new bitch finer than a mf but I dont understand shit she say My nicca Tip cant act for shit in My niccas on sum spooky shit, hide n a cut pop out n drop a bitch My niccas was too Real fa these Streets Ike Nwax My nig yes black people live in Wisconsin lmao shock da shit out me too My nig Todd Gurley a beast My nig been talking bout what he gonna be for Halloween since July, to excited!
My nig jus found out his girl fuckin anotha nig so he meets up wit dis nigga.....
My nig jus said aint nuttin worse den a fat loud hoe.tru fuckin story My nig said he dont see the differences between pornos and monster ball....
My face My nigga Bolin does NOTHING but win with the bitches breh My nigga calls fat bitches porkers lmao My nigga dmd a bitch and said ur eyes are so beautiful they melt me lmaoooo nigga thought he was reading a romantic comedy movie script My nigga got me hanging out with his fat catfish bitch smh My nigga mister meaner just hope back on the bitch My nigga so stiff but his bitch even stiffer ....
Me that is My nigga was drinking Gatorade like its not Dumass hot lol bitch drink water My niggah My niggah I slept perfect My niggah I was waiting all weekend to take these shits My niggah my niggah...
My niggah watch me be awake till 5 My niggas bigger then the bouncer, roll up in the bitch still smell like an ounce My nigguh My nigguh Me naturally forever be fly!
My partna from Mississippi told me 2weeks ago, I got 2 weeks to fuck all these ok hoes, 2014 Im stepping my game up My phone acting retarded My phone is finally back on bitches!
no more TextNow My playlist goes something like this smoke tracks for my niggas reggaetonbachata for the bitches and slow jams for that lucky lady My po heart still beatin fast da way dat nigger scream into dat microphone.
I felt like I be at da welfare office and cut da line My problem is I got a STRONG IDGAF attitude.
Ion show NO Feelings to these pussy mfs My problem is caring about bitches noggas My pussy ass car wont start....
My pussy popz Severely My pussy taste like pepsi cola.
My pussy tastes like Pepsi Cola My pussy worth 15 My reaction when a spoiled white kid says nigga like they a thug.
My roommate is eating so obnoxiously I wanna fucking slit his throat My sex game better than yo ex niggah My side pieces have real jobs, nigga, I dont fuck with no birds My sister called the chinks an asked was they open ctfu she fried!!
My sister is a bitch.
My nephew got his first haircut, and hes bald My sister is such a bitch My sister is such a bitch to me when she dont get her way My sister said my step mom is a cunt.
3 i love my Sister My sisters bitching that she has school tomorrow , like I dont fuck up hoe at least you arent up studying right now!
My slap a bitch sense is coming My stomach hurt like a bitch yoo My tail just said he dropped 20k to pay off the last of his student loans and clams he is broke.
Nigga u just dropped 20k like its nothing My taste in music goes from love song to pop that pussy bitch in like .5 seconds.
My teacher called my mom cus I was eating in class ...
fucking bitch My teacher talm bout she would make every senior go to da army fa 2yrs bitch please meat ainnn doin uh damn thang My two main wiggas and I My walmart tees count as designer?
These niggas hoes in designer clothes My whole goal is to fuck someone bitch and cause turmoil in a happy relationship My wigga Ryan Gosling knocked up Eva Mendes swag that man the fuck out My wigga...
My worse bitch looks better than your main bitch.
Now thats bad right there lol Mykel stay wit all the bad bitches N Im so tired of hearing he wouldnt do it for u ol bitch he wouldnt have too my people dont play on my end N dat bitch sound like a man if dats ya grandma fucc yu too N then the hoe sooooo ugly like bitch you ugly dog like dumb stupid ass ugly like Na hit the butta slide at the end of that bitch NBA ALLSTAR weekend is an unofficial negro holiday NEWS FLASH!
When you pay TAXES, you are paying for everything you bitch about!
Stop with the bullshit already and compromise bitches!
People just don?t like you.
Na nigguh I dont know how you rock Nah really the man at BG breh nigga got random bitches at the bar coming up to me like I attend the university this is crazy Nah I definitely gotta find me a bitch to drive me around in my whip while Im drunk to this Ty Dolla ign tape b its only right Nah Mimi a bitch Nah bitch apples apples apples!
but bitch nawl cuz oranges oranges oranges!
bitch.
You dumb as fuck.
Nah bitch you just ugly Nah fuck Bungie they aint givng me nNO drops.
Stingy ass niggas.
You trash at destiny if you aint at least 25 Nah fuck em bitter heat bitches Funny seeing heat and bulls fans get along lol Nah if she wus freak an got smutted by multiple niggas, you jis then cuffed up a hoe...
Nah just yo hoe she just swung matter fact yu get hoes?!?
Nah my nigga just tried to set me up with the ugliest bitch of all time at the club just now.
We officially aint friends no more dawg wtf Nah nicca!
get me one, bring it to the barber sshop at 11 please Nah nicca, its to light to be my dark ass lol and.i knowww thats your baby picture lol Nah nicca..
blowing gas Nah these hoes DMs broke tho Nah watch the hoes thats jus gettin fucked start tweetin bout Make Love Nah we still up.
All the flat booty bitches asleep yet or Nah?
Naked bitches give me bubble baths Nannie bitch dont talk to that hoe with ha extra bs ass Naomi Campbell, Rihanna, Miley Cyrus?...Crazy bitches lol Nappy chin hairs, bitch Im mothafuckin q!
Naturally, when a shitty leftist rag talks trash about another shitty leftist rag, you better fall in line.
Naughty mature AV model has her sweet pussy spread by a hugedick Naw Im just playin I only fucked with bad bitches Naw Am I the only one mad that ESPN gonna be talking about faggot ass Penn State all week?
Naw bitch I aint meek mills Naw bitch you goin against a monster lol lyrical maniac Naw she not a hoe she just a Freeky Girl Na If you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn couuuuuch Nd these hoes all kno Im workin wit a 9 I aint talking bout a gun Im talking feel it in ya spine Nd yall thought bitches knew how to accessorize Need a bitch to drop it down for a niggah Need some Hispanic pussy Nelly got all the hoes singin lol Neva trust a bitch Never again will I put so much into a relationship unless the bitch ACTUALLY puts more effort into it than me.
Never argue with a bitch thats at the bottom of the food chain.
Never been a bitch!
Never bring these hoes to my house cause these bitches talk Never did like that bitch Never gas hoes but I do take they ass home Never give a bitch the impression that u need them Never give the next bitch an opportunity to prosper off of your name....
Never go full retard....
If bitches take more than they give, its time to cut them off Never leave your trust in a bitch, Never let a boy make you feel like youre anything less than a bad bitch Never let them hoes get in between of what we started Never lettin dat nigguh used twitter in my phone again Never messed with a hoe that went to jail unless I didnt know her last name Never put nothin pass these hoes cause all of these hoes straight ratchet Never seen a pussy he didnt like.
Never seen yo bitch but I bet I could fuck her on the first day Never take a bitch where you stay
Never keep work where you lay Never tell a bitch that I love her Never tell a bitch what u up to..
Never that serious Thought you was Finna cruise with a new bitch ?
Never trust a bitch cause these bitches fuckin anyone.
Say you know a faithful bitch where she at?
I Gotta get me one Never trust a bitch you took from a nigga Never trust a nicca who volunteers another man info ..
Psycho bitch!
You bitches might be stupid.
But not me New Avi bitches, be weak New bitch already and its the second episode .
New boss said my buttons on my shirt cant be white.
So I colored them hoes with a sharpie glossy New pussy aint always better New song coming out Ray rice that hoe New strategy to get bitches
Be Bruno Mars New years ever, get at me bitch.
Next Sunday faggot Next bitch I fuck.
Im goin to her spot lol Next time u gone call a darky a nicca..call dat coon a jungle bunny P.S.
Nicca n dis bitch playin games on his phone Niccas be gassing hoes they never gone pop ..
Niccas be walking 4 flats to catch a nicca they kno in the club Niccas been deerin me err weekend but I bet I hit dat A dolo dis weekend if niccas playin Niccas catchin dem theft under 500 charges out here...shit ugly I guess niccas Tryn get it fa da holidays Niccas get a few dollars and start playing these roles tryna shit on yo niccas instead of playing these hoes Niccas use to be like you always Tryn pull a finesse....Duh nicca I need mine Nice base running again by the .
Fucking ponderous.
Nick Cannon movie..
A 31 year old bitch in Texas was pretending to be 15 and went to high school 6 months!
Nicki gottem MAD AS FUCK tho.
However credit due to cassidy for the response he didnt diss nicki but killed you lookin ass bitches Nicki said fuck those skinny bitches...uh oh Nigga I fire this nina like its the first day in the job and the bitch over slept.
Nigga I got pill poppin bitches in the backkkk, of the Cherokee Nigga Tyrese on Walking Dead is a bitch smh Nigga a dyke ..
Melo garbage ass just now hitting 20k Nigga be a straight gentleman then he speaks bitch comes with that funky ass attitude then the gentleman shit goes out the window.
Nigga ended up going Juco messing with them hoes and then signed a the smallest of d1s moral of the story take what u can get Nigga fuck hoe , ion want fuck yo hoe , she a fat chick she bad built Nigga fuck up.
Aint none of that shit Goin down with yo niggas You niggas think you feeling , bitch?
Nigga paybacks a bitch..!
Nigga pee wee is a bitch Nigga retweets the most trash shit Nigga said dates is pussy installment plans, so is that why you gotta keep saying her when you get it cuz its never truly yours?
Nigga was sweating like a guilty preacher in that bitch Nigga you a pussy, hope you got 9 lives.
Nigga you is a fool I feel like eatin nd beatin a pussy up Nigga you made it Nigga we made it..
Nigga yu bitch made Nigga, this bitch is scaring me.
Pass me the blunt Nigga...
lol IDK ..Elway trying to snatch everybody!
Come on redskins shitttt go sign revis idk what he want lls Niggah niggah niggah dont believe me just wacthh...
Niggahs actin like they pimps but they pay the bitch Niggahs need to keep there bitches in check Niggahs watch who you fucking just to hate on your bitches Niggas a buy a 700 outfit to impress a 10 bitch Niggas actin like hoes most of em bitches Niggas aint loyal gott bitches stiffer than you Niggas aint worried bout other niggas messin wit dey hoes.
Niggas worried boit hoes messin wit dey hoes Niggas already acting like bitches so why not get a real bitch right?
Hell if you gone act like a pussy I rather just have one.
Shit.
Niggas are funny.
karma is a bitch.
Niggas are so fucking gay...
And they try to cancel it out by saying nah were bros its cool nahhhhhaahahahaha you a faggot bruh Niggas at the march looking for hoes, they out there too Im sure of it Niggas be bitches hoes be bitches ion see no difference Niggas be frontin for some pussy they aint wit me!!
Niggas be having LOYAL pussy on call...
and still be thirsty as fuck.
Like BRO, go fuck your woman get some of them hormones out lol Niggas be impregnating the most basic of bitches..
n wonder why they miserable Niggas be in they feelings when they find out their hoe fuckin another nigga Niggas be like when they see they side bitch cashin another nigga Hello mutha fucka.......
Niggas be pressed for pussy, it aint nothing..
Niggas be so dehydrated if I wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen Niggas be tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowing their bitch the next nigga bitch Niggas be wanting bitches with money ..but be broke as dirt Niggas cant stand me cuz they bitches be feelin a nigga .
Get mad at yo so called girl Niggas cheat on they bitch and dont expect no pay back WHATSOEVER.
Yall just as naive as these bitches.
Niggas cry when they get hit high and cry when they get hit low.
NFL full of pussies now Niggas deserve better bitches Niggas excited by these bitches, them the weird boys Niggas fall in love with an EVIL bitch and turn they back on they friends.....
Niggas get pussy in the friend zone Niggas go crazy over bitches now a days like calm yo happy ass down Niggas gossip like hoes man I aint wid that shit Niggas hate me cuz they know im a threat to them they bitches Niggas is bitches Niggas is hoes and in real life too....
Niggas is pure suckas..
If you got a problem with ya mans address that shit, discuss it, squash it...
Only bitches hold grudges.
Niggas is straight hoes bruh Ima stop fuckin with em Niggas killin the same niggas they grew up with these bitches fuckin the same niggas they homegirl was inlove with.
Niggas needa stop wearing MK thats for bitches lol Niggas only get fucked up only on weekends and I get fucked up daily, bitch I still do it bigger, not on my level Niggas put on wigs and act like bitches for retweets that shit fu Niggas really be dickin over these hoes ona gram!
Niggas retarded lol Niggas see you wit da yellow dey wanna hit you up Niggas sleepin with bitches grandmas???
Lmfao maury fake af Niggas sooooo pussy I swear I dont talk Im all action Niggas spend 500 just to look good for a bitch they wouldnt even buy 99 cent burger for Niggas swear they dont trust these hoes but be fucking raw smh Niggas talk more than bitches these days Niggas talk more then bitches these days Niggas talking bout these hoes aint loyal but they been to 6 different barbers.
Niggas that eat mussels, eat pussy too Niggas trash AF Niggas wear wigs more than bitches these days.
Niggas who stand in line for Jays mad at me now.
ehh fuck you.
I pull hoes nd stunt without em on Niggas who talk about pussy the most get the least what a shine box?
Glittery pussy?
Niggas wifing hoes ugly bitches I get on Facebook just to remind myself Im doing fine Niggas will call a female a hoe or thot then 10 mins later go to and thirst over a porn star Niggas with bitch tendencies..
Niggas wonder why bitches be on that fucc a nigga shit cuz these niggas be on that she just another bitch shit Niggasbitches cheat cause mfs always think they gettin played Niggaz been making trash lately.
Well not everybody but some lol Niggaz irrational these days...Quick to jump bad bout a bitch...
Niggaz retweet bitch ass niggaz but wont retweet a real nigga Night bitches.
Night niggers Nikki Minaj is proof that natural is better !
Some of yall hoes be overdoing it Nikko a gay bitch Nile...
Im really sad that I dont have enough friends to ever be called a pack of niggers with.
Thats my fuckin dream Nino Brown?
Oh das me Nino Brown on yall hoes.
Nippin these Clarke Motel bitches...they get free pizza EVERY DAY and dont tip shit.
No I dont love these hoes and FUCK these niggas Fuckem No bitch, I don?t have anything to hide.
I just don?t like people looking through my phone..
No bitch.
You slut.
CHILL No face no trace pussy boys No fucks given about the NFL draft its baseball season bitch No halfbreed spic has any right to say anything to any Anglo ever, and should be killed for doing so.
No hoe shit tho I was bout to say Perro got butt naked bitches doing dishes No i dont own the pussy i just sample it!!
No less than 3 bad bitches in my bed at a time...
like bitch do I know you No more SnapChat Selfies.
No more NOTHING i WILL NOT be a bad bitch a week man what am I going to do No more hoes n oz No need to tweet these bitches know my status No nigga a leave a chick with some good pussy unless he just paper chasin No officer I wasnt drunk driving, I was swerving on them hoes.
No one understands how much it pisses me off when people use the word retard.
No police department that hires gypsies, halfbreeds, and nigglets should be trusted.
No saving hoes No sex bitch I only want the neck bitch No skimp shit here bitch No sleep, sleep is for pussies.
eat a dick school.
Im done with your bitch ass !!!!!!
No thanks lady, you look like you just got off the white trash train, Id rather not catch a disease.
No these are only whites pies.
Well do you have any negro pies?
No this bitch did not yell down the steps to tell me dont eat her damn chicken.
tf No this little hood bitch did NOT just try to take me to task for JOKING with my niece about not being a Lesbian.
No time for bitch niggas.
No time for chasing after someone is like turning up off wine coolers, you look like a bitch when you really think about it lol No way all u niggers are employees of the month No wealth doesnt insulate from being called nigger.
No wonder these ppl that call themselves niggas thugs able to convince their hoes false ideas about men like me in our intellectual dress No.
A dog like that needs bitches and he aint ever gonna get bitches with that on him No.
Its wrong to try to change There is no therapy so should understand and sympathize like they are No.
Shes gonna sit tf down text her hoes.
Nobody cares you fucking fag damn you bring bitches water even though youre thirsty as fuck Nobody ever got famous by being a whiny bitch.
Nobody is going to say anything about how unloyal Sterlings side bitch is?
Nobody on planet Earth more protective than bull dykes Nobody should ever have sex with a dirty dick or pussy.
That says a lot about you if you fuck em knowing they smell like chitlings Nobody wit me im on all alone shit so dont think im actin funny when im in my zone bitch None of my bitches can stay over None of us went to these PRESTIGIOUS establishments so were clearly not as superior as these fucking retards...
not Sailor Moon and squad in the club w all my bitches lookin good.
Norbit mad as a bitch lmfaooooooo Not us bitches Not 1 bit of courtesy from any of these bainbridge isl.
Fuck em next time I think s gonna break down paybacks a bitch Not ALL females constantly tweet about their boyfriends but I wish death on the ones that do.
TIRED of you AND him, bitch Not All Straight Men I am frustrated.
Unlike on OKCupid, queer folks dont have the ability to block...
Beyonc ratchet ass is trash youre the anti christ.
KfromtheG Not a neanudda bitch Not about to play these games with this bitch Not associate but ya nicca Not eating pussy is unAmerican.
Not even 20 and Ive already smoked out 2 countries bitch.
I do what the fuck I want.
Not even sweating these hoes Not every girl likes a sweet ass emoji ass nigguh.
Some girls like a you sexy af ass nigguh Not finna play with the bitches lmao Not going to put up a red equals sign on my Facebook because Im not a faggot, but Im all for marriage equality Not just exist, but contribute.
Not my fault yo bitch wanna flip me Not one bitch is texting me right now.
3,000 followers, 22 inch rims, 60 inch tv and straight ass teeth but 0 text messages.
Not sure why someone would put my pictures on a escort website I aint selling pussy Not the type to take it slow, turn a good girl into a hoe.
Not to call you a bitch ...
But they gone hate on my bitches Not to sound like a total bitch but Im tired of peoples kids and the back to school pics we aint post pics on the back to college day Not trash, just plain as fuck for 225.
Not true Every man has hoes Not trying to follow any spooks, no offense ...
Nothing is too spicy.
And if it is, 1 stop being a fucking bitch 2 eat more of it 3 cry you fucking pussy Nothing worse than a baby bitch pussy.
Go fly a kite Notice I didnt tweet bytches....
Bytch is different from bitch....
Notice I dont make music for niggas that dont get pussy.Drake
Now I could say my name butttttt, ya bitch already knows it Now I dont even want to do anything.
Son of a bitch Now I seperate from niggas I dont trust niggas that aint starve wit me and all the bitches I didnt fuc !
Lol My pussy been turned off lately..
I wont be fucking no time soon.
Forever dry Now a days niqqas would rather be real wit a niqqa or bitch they wanna fuck wit rather than they day one niqqa smfh our generation is fallin Now a days, hoes be twerkin for new weave.
Now a neighborhood nigga like me aint supposed to get no pussy like this Now all the hoes bout to post the saints lost but im still cute pics on the gram Now da fans bacc yall niccas kill me aint tweeted shit all damn game Now dont you hate them ol...
Lyin ass hoes...
Smilin in ya face wearin her best friends clothes Now my side bitch my main bitch Bc my main hoe aint feeling me no mo.
Now my side bitch my main bitch cause my main bitch aint feelin me no moe Now niccas wont haircuts Now put Ya ass on this dicc, let me know you that baddest lit bitch.
Now that nicki minaj said fuck skinny bitches watch all these fat bitches come outta no where its time to play.
Now thats how you let the beat build bitch ..
Thats my ish As I hit the kill switch.....
Now the bitch tryin to do vids too?
Gurl sit cho ass down Now they cheating bitch yall defense SAD as the fuck!!!!!
They about to cheat Now this new bitch acting dumb tryna correct my every word.
Now when I put this pussy on Vivian she bet not be playing Now youre drinking till youre unconscious.
Feel me when you get a fine bitch.
Nower days the defenition of a bad bitch is how good her pussy is ?
Like the cant bag bitches Nuh uh still counts.
Im only a hoe on twitter, bae Nuke town that pussy Nyomi Banxxx and Skin Diamond the last of the good ebony porn bitches.
OKC nigguh OMG , Im high as a bitch !
OMG ugly faggot.
You should kill yourself like Robin Williams OMG Have yall ever met a dyke who didnt have a kid?
OMG Nothing in life has made me softer than Fuck me with your nigger dick OMG when yo side bitch find the gift you bought for ya girl LMFAOOOOOOOO OMG This bitch on the Tico wont STFU ALREADy!!!!
OMG I was throwing beer bottles on street and yelling at drunk homeless people to stop harassing the trannies....
Nigga said Jerry ...
black bitch.
Bitch I bet not see you in the streets trash ass nigga OT nicca word to the nigga who played jesus Obamas faves Muslims, black ghetto trash via Ocean drive then I gave it a pill I think I met that pussy on ocean drive, Of all the lazy bitches, I was the laziest today Of course my for is off this year.
BECAUSE OF you goddamn retards!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh, bitch.
Dont me pussies Oh i hope Dre falls dickhole first into my pussy Oh Im back now 2nd vap dont fuck with this one bitches Oh Im nasty for smoking cigarettes?
And youre nasty for not washing behind your ears everyday stupid little bitch Oh bitch you lurkin !?
Well bitch Im TWERKIN Oh hell yeah!
Lol you know that nicca injury prone Oh it was multiple DNA on ol girl man they ran a train on that hoe Oh look, Cutler didnt step into his throw and threw an int.
Nice flat footed throw cunt.
Im going to a bitch mob party today oh my god Oh my god this bitch walked past me and legit smelled like a fish market!!
TFEH TFEH TFEH Oh nah bitch ..
Lol Oh no she didnt Watch yo mouth bitch One bitch and two dogs Oh no tht hoe ode fake !!!
Its Friday night, the night all the bitches cheat.
Youre a pussy Oh she is I respect that because bitches can be spiteful when it come to children Oh shit its still light out..
Ive been in this bitch too long Oh shit!
Your hairline is trash Oh so now BC we didnt cover u bitches wanna talk shit??
Oh well, you lil stupid ass bitch I dont fuck with Youuuuuu Idfwu is a bitter ass song and only fuck niggas like it.
These 336 niggas Oh you got a new bitch you think you got a new bitch ...
Oh you one of those stuck up bitches Oh you want pho?
Well saimigi is ghetto pho, eat that shit since im broke Oh, and Im back, bitch.
No one walks all over me ever again.
Oh, bitch!!!
Not Whitney!
, ya dumb bitch.
Avoiding that bitch.
Ohh btw when you get a call from 24 blame , bitch keeps signing up people bc she wants gym buddies lol Ohh my gawdd i woke up so throwed dis nicca paper slept n my damn car n he threw up n my Shit n i lost my phone smh GM Ohkay ma Texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me bout where I been but Ive been with another bitch allegedly Ohmygod please dont be a bitch to me today.
Oi look at this pussy on your bed Ok this is funny...
A proud liberal who wants to end racism calls Tim Scott an Uncle Tom Lolz lib idiots Ok, night night bitches Ok.
Did this bitch just say wut I think she.said?
I believe u just described urself dumbass Ok...
sucking dick isnt supposed to be done in a cute Manor at all.
Just like eating pussy youre not supposed to be scared of it.
Okay ajay got one more time to call me a bitch in one of his lit sub tweets.
Like bitch I will fucc yo lit life you got going UP !
Okay dont reply then I didnt want you to anyways bitch Okay so I know Im like ten years late but I freaking HATE Ana Sofia from Lost fuck that dumb bitch wtf is her problem Okay so either is a super dyke or has some weird car sex fetish.
Right bitch!!!
Thats how I know Im tweeting WAY TOO LATE on a night.
IF is SOOOOO COOL How come you bitches dont call Obama by BO JINGO?
Thats what I thought.
Ill stop being a bitch now...
trashhhhhhhh ass teams big xii trash Ol bitch ass look like she got a bobble head.
Ol heads always think a young nicca gon runoff wit they sacc Old hoe lol My juice is gone, Im just an old bitty now Old hoes get mad when you dont show them the attention they want.
Stupid white bitch.
Older black guy at factory I know none of these coons i work with tipped so heres 15.
He was right too Ole girl really told me she doesnt care if her boyfriend has hoes.
Olivias pussy so good that he got Jake to sip tea with the enemy.
is the baddest bitch.
Omfg Im about to murk a bitch all I see is red dude Omfg this tattoo hurts like a bitch Omfg.
The crazy bitch is here Omg 9 more days !!
In exactly a week Ill be in Vegas bitches !!!
Omg Dot Im sure thats not all you give away for free bitch!!
Omg I hate this bitches fucking laugh..
shut the fuck upppp!
Omg I will just go to Charlie Bear to twerk team I fucks with them Omg I will kill you for liking that pic I swear bitch Omg bitch buy a dildo and stfu Omg bruh said this bitch look like a female JB smoove lmao Omg chloe just pulled up to my house like come outside bitch hella cray Omg fuck these bitches Omg hes at it again.
Omg this bitch just said some shit Omg this bitch was standing and humming a very deep and annoying tone the whole time she was at the counter wtf.
Stupid ass hoes talkin shit!!!
Imma whoop her ass!!!
over dramatic teenage girls Omm this bitch dumb ass fuck On GC I l8v3 dis bitch On UPenn campus all the black chicks here are trash but theyre gonna be paid On a handstand?
pops pussy in delight On a scale of 1 to redneck, Im watching Days of Thunder right now.
On break feeling xxxtra dumb cause i forgot my lunch money like a hoe On my own shit, jus turned 18 bitches on dat now you grown shit On this 2k14 Online hitting on these niggah On westside Im screamin fuck KD bitch!!
On westside Im screamin fuck KD bitch!!!!
On ya pussy rap sheet its a whole lot of bros !
Once again...HELLO HARDIN COUNTY Everyone knows a hoe named Ashley HSN Once we break up, ion want the pussy nomore...
One big school, full of fake bitches.
One day you niggas gone learn when not to fuck an ugly bitch.
Because these pregnancies need to be stopped One hoe be fine as fuck and the other one be ugly than a Bitch One mans hoe, Is another mans...
They dont change nigga..
One night stand yall hoes, yall aint nothing more!
One of my nigs hollered at cici...
SO WHY A gotta act like a to the ?
One room full of bad bitches .!!
Cant believe Im kicking it with my mains from MySpace .!!
One thing I cant stand is texting bitches that got droids One thing I hate more than Lightskin niggas, is a Confused bitch like either you go fwm or you gon fw these niggas.
One thing I love about my relationship is we have an understanding that we dont like cute shit.
One thing I love about russel Wilson, he aint a bitch about runnin it One thing I never did and thats love a bitch cuz Im Drillin shit.
Im a loyal a nicca One thing i always tell my lor cousins big cousins my bitches niggah u always gonna be good regardless One thing u cant get me to do is trust a bitch One time in high school, this girl told my friend that he needed proactive.
So he told her she needed weight watchers.
HAHAHA bitch.
One time this girl asked my what my problem was, I instantly replied I love bad bitches Only Americans would hire white trash with ties to international terrorism as police officers.
Only a FUCKIN would think is about them.
WAS A Only a broke nigga gonna settle for a broke bitch Only a hoe would favorite that...
Only basic bitches workout at planet fitness Only bitches talk shit Only broke bitches steal money .
Only faggot pussies put their twitter pic of them and their dog Only faggots use white dss Only fags say swag shits mad retarded.
Only fat bitches and flat booty hoes today wackkkkk Only for one reason cause a bitch wont go gay .
I see noone Only fw bad bitches iont do no mediocre...
Only get loud around ya team ass bitch Only goofy niggas simp over chicks with community pussy..
Only hoes cheat Only hoes get 3K followers on instagram Only hoes love me Only keep real bitches in attendance Only movie i cant wait to see..
if its a fail im going killer ape shit on michael bay Only negro to keep adding baby fat as they got older.
Only niggah on my TL so getting off now Only ounces and up niggah Only people not home right now are nurses, hoes, niggas tryna hit them hoes Only retards retweet fuckry Only the family in my eyes n bitch they rite heree Only the strong survive and that nigga a pussy Only the strong survive and you niggas is bitches Only things that calm me down..
pussy and some Cali tree.
Only tweet me if that pussy got superpowers Only we would cut our best tight end and resign a trash nigga who cant make a play to save his life Only white people use the word cunt.
Todd really is taking over Only white trash and morons are offended by the team name.
Only white trash watch football.
Only white trash watch hockey.
Only white trash would call slants and hindis and moslems their equals.
Only word I can understand on is nigger...
Oomf got hella hoes Oomf got the hoes Oomf make my skin itch.
Like ew bitch.
Oooow that bitch lace front is lace fucked Open her legs then filet mignon that pussy Open mouf kissing my nig...
lol.....Sam love him some kissing smh lol Open up her legs and filet mignon that pussy Or a dumb bitch with no self esteem I cant decide.
But for now its saint Or continue to be a bitch.....
Thats cool too Or faggot Guess he got caught saying nigga.
Or get they nails done Same hoes brag about niggas they fw got money but cant even get him to fill their tank up Or the teach might get u got I really hate a disrespectful ass bitch in class.
The professor is talking you STFU bitch.
Or you gotta pay some bills cause pussy aint free ummmm dick aint free neither can you pick this tab up please thank you Oregon losing IN OREGON ahhhahahaha faggots Oreos and ho hos put into milk...
Oscar I used to make fun of Chacowearing people together but now that theyre on sale for 12 off this lil bitch wants some Oscars fuckin roasts right now got me hella dying.
this bitch.
Other then the faggot shit, Macklemore actually a really good artist....better than alot of rappers Otters would make cool pets if they werent such cunts.
Our professor said hoes and he said butt hurt...
What a boss Outside my click it aint another nicca fuccn wit me!
Outside with dah fuckin yardie eh Over bitches trying to act like I own them a picture Overall, this single life is about fun.
Just do that and also get the nudes but dont leak em unless youre a faggot.
Paper over pussy cause pussy Bring problems Papoose is trash bro lol Pappadeaux bread with the scampi butter Her pussy tastes like?
Pappadeaux got the best chicken strips I swear I squeeze lemons over them hoes!
That bitch comes up with the best lyrics for his songs.
Like fuck, man.
Part chink.
Party at the house, come through bitches Pass interference you dumb ass zebra jerks Pass them sticks bitch!!!!!!!
Passing up on mad hoes just to give him what he want Patty dont love these hoes Pau a hoe.
How u gon play after the trade deadline Paula Patton pussy got a nigga on stage on his knees talmbout he gotta get her back tonight Pay for pussy no yo I get too many freebies Payback is a bitch Paybacks a bitch.
Peace faggots.
Peace fags, just remember Im best Lux support NA.
Drop LustBoy pick me and Kakao up TSM.
Peace to all the hoes I put my badongle in and didnt cook breakfast for Pedro is a little bitch cause he never DM me.
Pennsylvania is white trash and is so are all Pennsylvanians.
People are fucking retarded lol People are such bitches!!!
People ask me y I never speak up bout the subtweets n lil shit people say ...BABY tbh ion give a dam bout none of that no nigga or bitch oml People asking for donations for Christy Mack,get real the bitch made thousands of dollars for having sex.
Bitch better be Fuckin me People calling and complaining to Spinellis because of our Purge special.
Lmao pussies.
People comment on my fb statuses like How was your day?
Like bitch wtf do I know you?
People get more and more retarded everyday People gotta learn to appreciate the people that go out if their way to help you.
Even if you dont want their help dont he a bitch People hate on da rig life but I love my baby more then a pussy ass nigguh People love to touch my hair ooo is this real?
Yes bitch is yours?
People on this site are fucking retarded sometimes People talk shit on Twitter but when they see you in person be looking.
Like bitch wtf you looking at.
People tend to bitch about coaching too much, but offensive playcalling has killed the Ags.
People who enjoy shows like and are douche bags.
Usually white trash, too.
People who go to church in Hollywood, CA are all white trash filth.
People who never use any hair product are unkept white trash douche bags.
People who play are white trash People who play are human filth and dont deserve the same respect youd give a mosquito.
Person My new years resolution is to not be a jackass to everyone.
Im not retarded.
Peter Pan that ho never land that ho Peyton Manning is a goon fuck Elis pussy ass Phaedra is gonna drop Apollo like Mariah did when Da Brat went to prison.
These hoes aint loyal Phillip Rivers look like he almost wants to call dude a nigger for that bad play Phone disconnected like a hoe thank god for shmediums hot spot lol Phone drier than yo bitch scalp Photo Bad bitch.
Giving u white trash body ...
Photo Happy Friday bitches Photo Happy Friday bitches!
Photo Here some kimora boobies for you this is how unlock before I slice a bitch.
Photo Ima boss ass bitch.
Photo Me and my bitch Photo Morning bitches Photo Mustard on the beat hoe Photo My mains yessssss turntup.
bitches Photo No filtering bitches.
Photo Seriously All my friends are hoes.
Photo deafreaperventus waywardsonsandfallenangels murderouscrows gay intensifies are you saying...
Photoset The biggest pussy Ive seen in China.
Physical bed These bitches frame is trash!
Looks like a dyke, but has a hoe pooci..
Pick a city buy a condo find a fine hoe let some time go Pickup line Are you a cat lady?
Because I love pussy too
NO WAIT I LITERALLY MEANT I LIKE CATS Picture time outside of metro, fucking fags Pie crust is trash.
It be all flaky and dry and shit.
Pillow talkin to bitches, i see her she bad but NIGGA SHE BASIC!
Pillow talkin to your hoe hatin on a nigga you might lose ya chick like that !!!!!
Pink champagne for my boo thang she a bad bitch I hope that she dont trade me Pisses me of when I see these little liberal faggots wearing Che Guevara shirts.
Move ur ass to Cuba.
Pisses me off so much when Brett screams fag or whore out the window at people Pistols and bad bitches, hustlers and bad business!
Pizza and wings bitches Pizza, a salad and alcohol is all I want.....my cravings need to be met or Im a rude bitch Plaid shorts bitches Play me about twice?
Aye, im a pyhscopathic cunt.
Play pussy and get fucked!
Play some fuck bitches get money music Play these hoes like the lottery Playing games and wrestling are the only ways I bind with my brothers.
That and the sex talk providing condoms.
No raw dogging these hoes Playing to white guilt lasted one last time, whitey felt absolved, it ends today.
Playing with my money is like playing with my emotions niggas dont believe I guess we going to find out then hoe ass niggas Please shut up hoe Im honestly a nice person Please control yo hoe !
Please dnt take no pictures please dnt take no pictures especially with my jewelry on man these hoes so vicious Please excuse my bitch ass phone its been a hoe lately Plot twist I fucked your bitch Plot twist, bitch Plot twist these hoes are loyal.
Police niccas Tryn raid da trap Political ass bitches Polo80.
Snapback30.
The look on your face when you still dont get any pussy...PRICELESS!
Poof.
Vamoose son of a bitch Poor Leo,he cant help havin resting bitch face.
I feel ya home skillet biscuit Pop a nigguh, sound like crisco Pop that pussy Pop that pussy for a real nigga Popped a pussy im sweating lol Poppy give me discou..
bitch i get it for the lo Poppy give me discounts bitch i get it for the lo fareal tho Pops told me never stick ya in a broke bitch Porch monkey 4 Life Porch monkey 4 life Porcha grandma really like a nig for real, I should have tried to hollar fo real Pornographicoooo Dont make you no hoeoo Power bomb dat hoe Ppl really cant handle a girl thats not a yes girl and says how she feel ..
come off as a bitch Preach Ugly girls are the way to go man.
Nobody got time for you pretty hoes Precisely Soon as yall break up is when she starts doing the shit she swore shed never do like being a hoe Preparing to be called a nigger all night..
I mean play COD all night.
Pressed for pussy no ...I get too many freebies Pretend assholes callin the women bitches when they know they love em lol..
Pretending that he can make it rain, our ghetto president is in it for himself while govt money whores beg utilties to stay on one more day.
Pretty ass niggah.
Pretty bitches with even prettier titties Pretty mother fucker pull up in a bitch likee Pretty motherfucker pull up in this bitch like Pretty muthafucka pull up in this bitch like Pretty sure I got ya bitch nudes in my phone nigga Pretty weird that flight attendants are instructed to say Welcome to the OC, bitch.
Probably going to tackle Kenzie when I see her tbh I miss my bitch Probably saved s ass today.
what would you do without your redneck friends?
Procrastination is really a bitch.
Produced by yung Bouta drop dis hoe Profesional sports are only enjoyed by white trash.
Project pay is just a soft ass little bitch.
Promise to love you and obey..and hit it more than once a day..girl I say that genuinely..fuck that bitch..
Its what you sayy Promises were made bitch .
You are now my bxtch Protect your bitch at all costs Puffy face hoes Puig had zero lines and yet hes still going to fuck your bitch after that appearance Pull up on a nicca Pull up on my ex make that bitch mad Pull up on my ex make that bitch mad.
Pull up on my x make that bitch mad Pulled up on this coco ratchet on my way home yes bitch Pulling hoes aint something to be proud of hoes go with anybody Pullout game trash...
Pumpkin spice Marlboros for da hoes Punch that hoe cause she deserve it.
Punk ass broke faggots.
Punk ass cop jus bulldogged that bitch Punk bitch walking tall like you got something to prove Punk bitch.
Pussies only pussy...an every women got one...so u gotta have more than that ladies Pussy ass hoe niggas, I cant fuck wit yall Pussy ass nigguh name Jesus.
And his daddy Pussy gotta be trash Her love life is so sad lol im so glad khloe k dumped frenchs ghetto ass Pussy like girls , zaaaammnn is my pussy gay Pussy nicca we aint friends you aint gotta me voice!
Pussy on my mouth pussy on my pinky ring Pussy only pussy Pussys dont get pussy.
Pussys only pussy an I get it when I need it Put a btch pussy on first 48 Put a ring on it or it aint yo bitch !
Put her in her place cause pussies dont get pussy..
Aint no ugly bitch Finna talk to me crazy in my car.
Id put her ass out and make her walk Put the weights back on the rack bitch!!
Smdh lol Dick Chaneys!
Put ya hands up if you a Grade A bitch Put yo bitch in the figure 4 and bedrock her Put your hands down bitch, I aint gon shoot you Put your tits back in your shit bitch Putin making look like a bitch on foreign policy.
Quan and Dino them faggot ass niggas!?
Aight man Quan stop that faggot on my TL Quisiera amarte no puedo no, mi mama me dijo dont love them hoes Quit blowing up my feed bitches.
Quit hoggin the blunt bitch Quit hurting these women Cuz Im tired of all the bitterness a nigga gotta go through Cuz you a hoe ass nigga.
Quit talking shit you fucking faggot.
Who the fuck do you even think you are?
Quit teasing bitch REAL NIGGA SPEAKING you sound like a bitch RFT Tweet of the day If a nigga change on you..
Fuck em ..
He was a bitch nigga from day 1 RICK TOLD YALL TO GO BACK AND KILLEM ALL!
Yall niccas didnt listen, now they are chewing on Bobs leg and shit!
RIGHT The same bitches saying positive vibes are the same bitches making fun of someones weight.
RINO trash like , , see conservatives as the Democrat Party see blacks.
I will never EVER EVER give a nigga my all unless I know for a fact he doing the same .
yeen finna play me bitch This shit for the birds .
Wow do we have another faggot?
lol dat dude is nice alla my niggas hot boys , so dont bring no ice in this bitch Black bitches think its ok to clap they hands when they getting into an argument, bitch stfu before I steal yo purse ....
this is what all of my bitches say hahaha Columbus found America and we killed some injuns Fuck you mean Macklemore trash nigger?
Def a whiny bitch A girl who cries is a girl who cares.
Or a whiny bitch This is J Cole you fucking queer All yaw hoes want 2 thing Money Dick Hahahaha basic bitches so funny it aint nothin to cut that bitch off ayeeee Hoes get a boyfriend and swear they not a hoe anymore.
Bitch Having a boyfriend doesnt erase what happened before him you ...
Today I told a woman that she was the quintessential embodiment of sexual femininity.
How am I not drowning in pussy?
Supp wigga You cant go wrong with a loyal bitch.
Needy, clingy men is why I have bitch issues kim k lil sisters some hoes I might be ugly but my hoes aint trippin bro dont argue with these rejected ass Disney models bitches better go play in some food When a hoe gets too friendly with Bae Bitches love niggas that got bitches I got bitches geekin sneakin cocaina cross the customs Come out her pussy and go in her ass come out her ass and go in her mouth that way she wont tell nobod This bitch always in my pocket You know bitches be mad when they be like Im my own Nah boa That nigga Wayne run his mouth like a hoe my girl aint No hoe so Chill wi The niggas who just jumped my brother said that dre was in they hood bitch 131st belongs to us imma going to find you bi Dont sweat these hoes they come wit the money Grown men, wearing jerseys with other grown mens name on them..
Dont forget your fucking pom poms.
Happy birthday to my little ass cousin who doesnt remember who I am hope its a good one fag !
I flex it aint no turning down ...take yo bitch fly out of town ...
So yall just gone look past the fact that this bitch sucking a dick cause her edges laid?
I swear hate you bitches Im in this bitch yaaa I do my thanggg bae lemme see your phone if you dont have hella hoes
me one sec Bruh this bitch booty so flat that its muscular If I DM u dont announce it to the timeline bitch Im tryna fuck on the low If u a messy bitch hell nawl i cant rock w.
You Just checked my watch n that bitch said sometimes Rick James bitch Dont be that frontin ass bitch.
Mama told me look rich act poor n neva trip ona bitch dat aint urs Since a yungin bitch I been nat nigga I love female cops they b sum hoes too fuck da jakes knwin I heard dat hoe changed u a hoe she spazzed out dude dont have his hoes in line yea u know these lil bitches be stalking are twitter for they niggas down ass bitch Aaron Hernandezs girlfriend lied to grand jury 29 times if she lives at home shes a little less likely to cheat on you and be a ho you aint getting no hoes to come back to the room with you if you staying at circus circus bruh Ugliest bitches Ive ever seen im pregnant ass bitches , matter fact ima slip down the steps ass bitches Your Swags off fag sauce your voice mail little bitch ass nigga I need their workout plan third bitch had a fucking miracle It doesnt matter who I make out with in Spin the Bottle because I only invite the hottest bitches to play.
Bout to show him why I get all the playground pussy.
I had all the bitches on me.
Today seems like as good a day as ever to bang some bitches and go for ice cream.
I rather my girl be clingy than a hoe If were together and you dont like that bitch I dont like that bitch either If I wanted my ex back believe me Id fucking go get they ass.
My hoes are your hoes...but my wife is all mine At least i say im crazy...some nigga gotta find out a bitch wild when she shooting at they ass Who cares who looks better between Blue Ivy, North, and whatever other celeb baby.
Read your kid a book u simple bitch.
When dykes surround you high flyers, crr, militia, boner squad, ball sack, weiner FC, anal brownies Niggas love cuffing hoes then acting surprised when they turn out to be hoes.
Real All jokes aside the hoes I know some of the coolest women Ive ever met When yall having a good day she brings up a bitch from Twitter ill fight you !
Ya big daft cunt .
Wow Lmao bet not ever come to my house again dirty bitch 12 lava cakes, bitches.
yeah on a scale of one to ten, bitch Be smart because you wont be pretty forever, bitch.
Nobodys tryna date a bland boring ass bitch.
that youre a sensitive lil bitch.
Karma is only a bitch to bitches.
No girl sucks dick but somehow all dudes get head.
Dudes only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant.
lets play a game called stop being a lil bitch All these clocks and we still dont have time for these hoes niggas be pressed for pussy it aint nothin, instead of worryin who that bitch fuckin, why dont u go get u some munnaaaa finding herself in the hoe section Social network got bitches heads like When you die but a bad bitch walk in yo funeral is the realest bitch I know.
Lol Females think dating a pussy is cute now?
bitches out here not lovin they self enuff for the both of us juheard fresh razor blades in my goth bitch stocking I hate when a nigga ask me Where the hoes?
Nigga idfk !
Dont be a bitch to me.
A real bitch know she gotta pluck dat nipple hair Why did you give birth to me you bitch when a bitch gets smart and I look too cute to be ratchet On twitter you hos can jus take a pic with your ass out and be somebody..smh...
Lifes a bitch, because if it was a slut, it would be easy.
Which means pussy power is in full effect..
yall better get some dick tonnnnniiiiiiggggghhht!!!
People r retarded for thinking you can eat clean food all day and lose weight.
Uni suuuucks!!
Lolol you suck bitch My bestfriend got jumped by like 67 dudes n ur upset u have to pay fines...?
gtfo bitch Some pussy be so wet you gotta think about other things not to cum fast....
like damn i really failed the 6th grade This bitch cant be serious...
Fuck Joo musts broke this niggas heart stealin his bitch if he that hurt with her Bro forreal if you have beef with someone handle it your damn self dont be a lil bitch and bring other people in it.
haha lml wrd no nah de pussy shit lol lml se pasa de shunsha and no mi joda w ur bitch waaa remember when people bood One Direction and Gaga was having none of it.
i love that bitch.
Lmfao How side bitches be when you scoop them up in the daytime!
Most party promoters are hoes them angel bitches are Tell a hoe NO for the sanctity of your relationship we gotta stop fucking these woman Iont got not type ...
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like bitch im legal so im ridin round like rambo !
So why everything u say ghetto u Hadda associate it with jordans isnt it obvious ?
I just wanna get filthy rich have a nice big house full of bad bitches that I could fuck anytime I want Id rather be your niggah Pacer is short for pussy fuck.
ima feel like a coon all day now.
Im a pussy EVERYONE PRAY FOR MY BROTHER nothin wrong with him he just a bitch lmaoo you and me both!
probably some ghetto piece of shit who has nothing better to do with their lives...
Soccer hackeysacker.
Cocky khaki jacket jacker.
Slap happy faggot slapper.
A nigga will talk down on a female with the same mouth he ate her pussy with..
them hoes was actin up.
Bruh thank you Im about to start cumming in these hoes just to scare them.
I know you hoes lonely so fuck with these cuffing season specials.
We all know a bitch boy named Luke We all know a bitch named Natalie smh hoes like this are fucking it up for actual loyal girls smh.
Good riddance bitches Told yo bitch get on her knees I dont want no sex Im a soft more hoes dumb man Fucc hoes dats how I feel I can tell you a freak bitch dont lie to me Bitches always uploading pics of a famous couple doing simple shit, like holding hands talkin bout want this bitch r I turn into a bitch real quick.
bad bitch yeah after she fed up jealous skinny bitches and became one herself.
Im done wasting my time, Im just going cut a bitch off faster than I blink.
Ill piss on a hoe Taking my dad to dinner...Watching the NHL awards at the sports bar while both my dad and I bitch about this LA kings Do loyal bad bitches exist?
Because I want one You tweet about how youre never good enough for a guy maybe its because youre a hoe Youre such a fake bitch hahaha Broke hoes 3 words Out my face I need to hit the lottery yo, this work shit???
For the fucking birds!
I just realised my library books are overdue if anyones looking for a bad bitch Of course the day I nip out with shit hair wearing my scruffybut favourite stolen hoodie is the best time to bump into Im sorry ya woman shouldnt be helping you out financially unless thats ya wife these hoes dumb Just took electric stim to my pussy!
Back on in 5 mins!
pussy.
yall got all the gay hoes The thing about Houston and Austin gays is 99 are hoes, aint no wholesome bitches I bet Beyonces pussy tastes like a fresh caramel apple You give these bitches the Amex once, they gonna act like a chilly snob and try to go get that cardigan You gotta be a weak bitch to let a couple tweets get you out of character.
cant dm wigga cause I cant even get a follow back bye bitch.
im blocking u i drew you Neymar fell like a bitch ur a wack bitch who sells her pussy for 65.00 , lives with her mom then was homeless cut the lies http Now let me write your mom since I have her address let her know her daughter is in Miami selling pussy for 85 the next call will be to immigration w your I.d your sex reviews your ad bitch I warned you , you lie I have facts Invite me on your show, you lying pussy.
I hate trailer trash Ima make you my bitch Would be so happy, so many bitches would be humbled How would you feel if they discontinued the sale of weave Read my lips bitch, what?
Theses niggas hoes and these bitches greedy .
Im sure this tweet will protect you from karmic payback, bitch.
Well, Maryland is just a bunch of hateful rednecks, anyway.
Just had a convo wit my ex n she reminded me y she is my ex smh idk y i even answerd for this bitch A dick has a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbors an asshole, his best friends a pussy ...
Childish Miguelito young patty.....coming soon This what yall hoes want?
bitch what ocean is this??
Lol yes master Dont be a bitch to someone who can out bitch you.
These young cats being drafted in the NBA today are walking lotto tickets!
Wait till these niggas find out that pussy come This bitch played too much Subway Surfer Nothing that the Russians did in their support of the rebels surprises me.
Putin views Obama as a pussy.
Ona niggas Ill really beat dat hoe up Your mcm is a lil bitch A bird just flew into my hotel room.
Id rather get gangbanged by 10 Mandingos for 2 days straight than experience that again Omg seriously do bitches still love Sosa??!?
Started off with a OZ End up riding fo deep Pull up to that club like muthaufckin ho you dont know me Kissin small lips is trash lol..
Trash This is my beach bitch thats 5 years away from legal drinking age and 14 year old pussy ??
ahaha eat ice cream not pussy bud Yall be makin your nigga microwaveable dinner.
Meanwhile he out there eatin another bitch homemade dinner I hat that I paint my beard shit...
Just eat some pussy and grow you one dawg...
Quit tryin to shortcut it When you rubbing on her booty then start playing with her pussy with ya thumb Always a bit of irony in the air when chicks call strippers hoes then grind on yo dick 4 free to the same song stri ...
I hope my kids dont disappoint me by coming out ugly, I got too many plans to get hoes indirectly with them.
Rudy Gay a faggot for not changing his last name once he got money.
Hate fags?
Destroying a team that talked trash before the game Thats my bitch man I swear I hate when people say you cant befriend a hoe.
How bitch how!?
Im only held accountable for my pussy.
Its all about but then who is going to host the baddest bitch competition?
Big booty bitches always win.
This next generation is being raised to be a bunch of mindless pussies with no discipline.
The ape was like Oh you niggas gon learn today Ray J is the perfect example of what happens when you give a lame nigga some pussy.
Got like 10 hoes 3 baes Why do people have A Problem with Gay People?
Know what, fuck it...
I Got A Problem with you Straight hoes!
Mama said no pussy cats inside my dog house These hoe aint loyal
a nigga who cheated on his girl 7 times and just broke up with him.
Females always talk about how on point their nails and eyebrows are, okay bitch your personality is still shit though.
Nike DC is trash.
Point proven ima catch you bitch ok bud I know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas but it be the same bitch fuckin niggas Gotta link with bro Rambo fashoo nd we gotta PULL Up ona pussy boys The Homie Got This bitch Rocken Dese bitches aint shit I get em high and feed em dick Just call me a nigger cause thats what u really want to say at the end of the day Damn near in love with all them hoes when Im with em.
I really dont be tryna hoe nobody..
Your man insecure cause you make him feel like he gotta compete with other guys.
Stop being a hoe stop choo Glad none of my followers can say they fucked yall hoes REALLY make this a goal...
Some of yall hoes thighs be so thick and cant even walk Yankee food Best man ever Id fuck her right in the pussy!!!!
my nigg Could you please refrain from being a dumb bitch If I see a bitch coming at me like this , that mean I got 1.2 seconds to get up and get right hoethea sat there Loyalty now lets get this money I got u,u got me no hoes just us !!!!
update u are still a bitch ELI Manning is fucking trash rap Game over bitch HAHAHAHA I want a real relationship no games, no lies, no side hoes, just me and you Fine then dont rt little nigs one direction im a faggot thats right.
you dont marry hoes, you rent em lol im off this brooo.
bitches janky.
no bitch better try to fuck with my girl cause I will go off really bitch?
r u african because ur african bitch Im HUNGRY I wont give a bitch a time or day.
Im trying take care business Look at ya boy Nigga a faggot Bruh Chance The Rapper You really are a faggot if you say that match was bad.
Stop watching My Tryna make me go to church Tommrow ..
Hell nawl dude bitch text me back this bitch think look like Rihanna ?
when Im 18 them bitches getting erased Free Tino lul hoe If or dont know you then you are not welcome on saturday bitches Behind every lame ass nigga...
is a lame ass bitch that is constantly telling him how real he is...
Yes bitch.
Yaaass bitch yaasss soulja boy be having me so turnt Never catch feelings for a dumb bitch.
That bitch who the shit in yo eyes aint shit in my eyez !!!!
When that message say delivered but you see him posting sc storys with all his hoes When you realize you sent the message to your wife instead of your side hoe Basic bitch tweet shit like no one to talk to 3 times a day Yall want foreign bitches sooo bad, but cant even pull local hoes Ebola not scary at all while yall worried about Ebola ima b getting hoes line my shit up with god cards, bitch Screaming after Wes bitch ass?
Annalise is losing her damn mind.
She need to put the big girl panties back on.
Try to crucify me and we tweakin hoe Im just a normal ass dude that has no hoes and happens to be funny every once in a while LIKE A FLAT TIRE HE NEED A FIX Run up on em, put the gun up on em, ask a pussy nigga Whats to ya bitch ?
lol Lebron bitch ass always making a spectacle look at me ass nigga When lil b said Word around town that I aint got no bitches?
Thats a damn lie nigga my nuts is my witness Fat bitch act like she couldnt follow back.
Ive always wanted a fat bitch to follow me.
Beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago drake look like he would lay his letterman jacket over a puddle for a bitch and she wit her man smh im fukin yo bitch u mad as shit When you tweet somn just for laughs a bitch wanna spoil the fun by getting Serious..
Making up handshakes with all my bitches now This is for the bitches who played me...
Hoes be on some August Alsina is bae.
No bitch that dusty nigga you got 2 kids with who drives yo car still wears Rocawe Waiting 90 days for pussy is like being grounded and looking at all the kids playing outside from your bedroom window.
u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussy Recognize that Im a star player leave them hoe fans of yours alone.
Why do the trashiest, really ghetto girls always get the most likes and comments on insta?
Boys up and down their pictures a LMFAOOOOO Which one of yall toothless hoes made this?
I have no hoes Now he apologizing.
Lol Fuck that hoe and her shot up pussy!
Ariana is probably the next Beyonce bitch if you dont back the fuck up dont trust no , bitch Why yall aint tell me young thug nails look better then mine ?
lol fckin faggot I feel bad for guys that give their girlfriends the world and the bitch still treats them like shit..
Like damn what more do Shawn Micheals Razor Ramon both had bitches Noone had more than Godfather though ugh!
my bf still talks so a dumb bitch i dont like these niggaz bare backing any and every bitch out here Snip snip hoe I hate seeing women carrying on about how they could fuck somebodys man.
Trashy ass bitch.
Remember the yellow badge Nazis used?
h These 5th grade hoes aint loyal Lil hoe Nike beanies When you finally see the white kid that called you nigger on Call Of Duty
Hulkamania is running wild on that pussy This hoe know that not her car lmaooo my bitch bruhhh !!!
My nigga my nigga Twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet , they need instagram jail for hoes doing Shout out for shout out all fucking d Anybody who trashes their own neighborhood after a perceived injustice is a fucking moron.
Id like to issue a formal apology to Israel for our piece of shit antiSemitic President and his retarded Secretary o Number of women denied birth control by Hobby Lobby 0
Number of Democrat retards butthurt by the verdict 30,000,000 Im gonna start my own web MD site and the only three diagnosis are
Quit being a pussy Lay off the drugs Call 911 Happy Valentines Day big booty bitches.
yeah fuck lunch Ill just eat pussy under the staircase by the foriegn language hallway Bald headed bitches mad at me because they look like this.
Shit hoes post on instagram pt 1...
Hank Baskett cheated with a tranny and just got a shoutout!
I tweet like a nigger Ill never think a bitch is all mine.
Suck my dick bitch not only are you terrible.
You are why hip hop is dead I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one..
That goes for you bitch niggas too!
hahaha look at you tryin to be a bitch lol nice try though haha Pick one the girl behind the bar who aint being a hoe If you a hoe on the internet you a hoe irl Kanye Tupac........
Yep bitch keep it moving.
Smoke wit a bitch in Nap and let her play music I bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit Damn Rico ass hit that hoe on point Floyd Mayweather stay with a badd bitch lol You lil stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin wit you according to this data you a bitch ass nigga niggas w bitch tendencies Real niggas move in silence bitch niggas make a scene cuz they not really wit the violence Im sorry but some peoples names are just fuckin stupid
Some parents should get a flyin bitch slap for naming kids like Go talk to your other hoes
Bitches be talking about they ride or die with every nigga they talk to.
bitch you done died like 8 times already Girls be 60 talking about catching feelings bitch you need to catch this TD pass Im about to throw you smh Real niggas let a real bitch cum first A street nigga dont love nobody if you aint his day one bitch, nigga Us calling females hoes for dressing as bunnies and cats for Halloween didnt discourage them one bit...lolG ...like to have a seat on it.
I also dont assume that because a woman contributes to a sex convo that means her pussy is open f i want a black guy thats 69, wears jordans and has tattoos...
bitch thats a created player on 2K bitches cant finish a 6 inch sub but want a 12 inch dick Uh..not rape her, bitch nigga?
You see her passed out drunk, what do you do?
What a bitch.
Every nigga New hoe is Da next niggas old hoe White girls date black guys who hate black culture and they let their stupid ass white girlfriends talk shit and say nig Trying to cat fish me, like nuh uh bitch get in the back.
not about to shoot this pussy!
CHILL Lmao yall fools I hate when niggas get mad cuz you fucked they girl when really he should be happy you showed him that bitch unloyal The most likely signs to be crazy bitches
Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aq Miramar had the baddest hoes shid hoes looking like they was in college HAD No matter where you go, theres always an asshole wearing a Yankees cap.
Valentines day is just an extra Christmas for bitches blood Ugh, white trash.
When you and your friend are talking and that bitch yall heavily dont fuck with walks past When a bitch get you fucked up Asking his kids if they brought an apple for the teacher hes such a queer Back when I was a young buffalo soldier ha so to the bro We still in this bitch Tell me again how Citizen Kane is the best movie of all time, then go watch Caddyshack.
you pretentious film school cunt.
Whoever called it the lowest common denominator and not stupid pussy number was probably more mature than me and definitely Note about 30030 days in a month, these hoes selling pussy for 10 a pop lol.
If you aint fucking me , feeding me , or supporting me YOUR OPINION is irrelevant bitch.
Roy Gracie out this hoe These hoes be fucking all of us niggas.
I got news for all the monogamous niggas, yo bitch fucking anonymous niggas On some real nigga shit some bitches need slapped...
Girls that fuck back your last one was trash so here Some of you bitches arent built to wear certain shit.
These hoes out of control Come get yo hoe I always text my besties like bitch call me I got the scoop My bitches got pretty pussy Nine times outta ten the bitch using them same unclean brushes on all ten of her clients.
I cant with you beat faced Least I aint broke bitch!
When Waka said, Suck My Dragon Balls bitch call me GOKU!
Jackie a Old bamma ass bitch Tell them bitches Ill always be your Mrs.
and bitch you smell like sober.
she snapped this bitches nose.
She still a bitch Lol so what do you tweet if you lose?
Who else remembers these bitches But thats your baby mom though.
These hoes gon come go, i feel it.
boy, lol Denzy a hoe Females now a days dont like to do anything freaky because .
You niggas gossip about it like bitches .
Im in love with mary jane and codine I dont love these hoes But if you a hoe, do you.
Get it in, but dont hurt someone in the process, be straight up ab it He tweet like a bitch broke his heart Niggas gossip like hoes, most of em bitches naw bitches want attention not respect...
Real women want respect Dont unfollow I got the app bitch Birds of a feather flock 2gether.
Hoes friends with hoes.
Haters be with hater These bitches are slutty enough without the costumes lol damn I used to chase hoes now its Dollarigns Im money hungry man these bitches cant do nuffin for me Justification of my bitch face.
Me My bitch face is on point.
Pull up on my ex make that bitch mad Dive in the pussy like Fellas remember to stock up on thermals and Timbs before the dykes buy them all johns....
you got hoes in different area codes Beyonc is trash.
Just retweet this With me bitch.
why all these hoes trynna be gay now?
lmao Ate pussy for the first time today.
I think I may have a new favorite food Michigan If you are nice girls, they will be bitches to you.
If you are an asshole, girls will want your dick.
People congratulate on losing weight for my health, but in reality I lost all the weight so I could fuck hot bitches Unlike a lot of these bros, I actually care about my girl and I love her.
Its not called being a pussy, its called Dont be a pussy Ungrateful bitches ...
How bitches look wen they hear their song in da club Lauderdale.
thats where the hoes at?
Let her know dat pussy on yo mind....
bitches hate u but still follow u...
Niggas dat dont get no pussy are usually the ones thirstin these big or ugly bitches..
givin them more confidence then the Sum of u bitches too old for braces....
All a nigga need is money.
Fuck a bitch no hoes.
Cant trust none of these bitches, DONT trust none of these hoes This is what the niggers dont like Soulja boy bitch so Aggravating all that nagging shit ..
I hope Ion sound like her I could if I tried but my money feels better then any pussy Ive ever had Dont be a pussy grab the booty.
this cunt is still talking!?
Holy fuck, can you just get breast cancer already Just this one eye can take your bitch I want some popcorn hoes bol this faggot is a lil attention whore fuck him I seen what you look like ,not impressed.dont talk shit you dirt looking bitch when i drink some beurs kid .
plus ur a faggot anyways chava needs to stay in his lane and keep sending gyro to hell you dont want it with the big boys you dirt infest ass beaner if i dont get drafted for the squad we gonna have some problems drop the faggot jesus kill this beaner If this was high school ER body catch As hoe lmao Wake up in the morning give me head bitch Fuck dat bitch I like blowing loud wit bad bitches It aint no hoe in my blood Roll up lets get high lets get high bitch Been popping all my life whats fame 2 me..
bitches been stalking all my life bitches aint a thang 2 me This bitch needs to be ray riced Yall hoes would never get under my skin !!
Bad bitch her attitude nasty !
Ooh ooh thats my song hoe loveoohyie bruh said Black girls pussy taste like attitudes and arguments LOL I just wanna be skinny fit.
SIKE!
Thick bitches got it going on.
Shut your bitch ass up.
Peezy eyed bit you hang out with a hoe you gonna turn into a hoe Your pussy looks like it died six months ago.
Ross is tha biggest bitch I have no sympathy for people who bitch about situations they get themselves into.
Me Fuck that bitch.
karmas a bitch.
DaQuan got her pregnant and now Im gonna have a nigger grandbaby bitch ass nigga square up 1000 rts and hell spark this hoe in here gotta keep these hoes on point she taught these hoes how to pose when u deep in the pussy who else hated this bitch nigga ??
because he was a cunt, Brandon.
Dont be a cunt.
Me Yeah I think Ill get off early tonight and get a good nights rest.
400am Not tonight bitch, not tonight.
I was trying to eat Nigga you said it was bitches out here, I showed up for nothin!
Money cant buy you love so I dont pay for no pussy Who tweeting with last night pussyass or dick on they breath this morning?
theyre afraid of being a bitch in person Not every nigga is pressed for pussy.......specially yours.
You hoes aint leaving a aint shit nigga bc hes YO aint shit nigga n you dont want the other hoe to win.
I dont wanna be a hoe I need me a bitch that can dance lmfao this is ode And I probably fucked yo bitch homie....
Its a girl out there who let Russ pay her for her pussy and never has to see him again, meanwhile I read this nigga tweet I think im high naaa or she maddd at her toe im diein i can hear her naa ..
Damn dawg ol bitch ass toe my bad bitch im logged in on everybody shithell yeaa me too seen tiff just tweet f wussup bitchcooling hoe wussup bitchnun finna take it in stupid ass toe dog dam bitch you mad at your toe dumb hoe yo toe aint wanna be stomped .
ohh bitch you might pass lol hey hoe yasss bitch you did it The beat tho bitch im trying bone Fuck a title bitch throw that ass back YE YE YOU might not but the reaction was the same, everyone said that brand was trash yet all his sh naw no bs tho...if u under lets say 20 and u got like 15 bodies...u def a hoe lol.
You a hoe if your cellphone bill more than 100 a month im a bitch but a sweetheart u feel me I feel like Tim Ross is a nigger Bruh these hoes psychic now The 6 commandments of being a hoe How you put ya hoes before ya girlfriend ..
Niggas will cheat and not even know that bitch name.
That shit aint cheating.
Sorority girls the absolute worst bitches Bust dat pussy wide OPEN I tell a bitch dont my shit unless u suckinfuckin these bitches love wyandanch niggas i tell you , i always see yall o.t bitches out here wit them .
but keep frontin for t Dont tell a girl youll never eat pussy, cus you just lost.
That means all you do is have sex, and you boring.
ching chong I be like wassup bitch?!
thats what I thought hoe.
hell yea ill rep your shirt to fam lol TeamDonny in this hoe If you fucked in car before you gotta know you a hoe I know!
It was that dana whore.
If I get rid of them rn will you donate one to me that bitch bitches is stupid ..
NO BITCH leave that nigga and move on ooh yea !!
Getting all hoes!
you lil stupid lil bitch she aint fuckin with you bug Sean voice Call a girl a bitch and shell get offended but if u put bad in front shell swear shes a queen Dumb bitch lol Element number 35 is Bromine and it comes before number 67 Ho Holmium.
Therefore, its Bros before hoes.
Flirting with bitches on a Twitter like Freeze bitch, Im gonna steal your heart How to get unlimited pussy in high school If these 3 drop a song together bitches will never run out of quotes If youre not a little bitch Its bros before hoes, not bros before your girlfriend.
T Kissing a girl you you actually really like feels better than fucking a sloppy hoe.
Life is a bitch and harsh enough.
Guys need a girl that will make them feel better and help relieve some of the stress, List of bitches who want my dick...
bitches worship her like she got a Nobel Prize and all she did was fuc No bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 120 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean you happy having a tit Texting bitches at 1112 to make their dreams come true We all know a hoe like this When bitches talk about their boyfriend 247 When the fakest bitch you know tweets about being real When you marry a hoe and only realize it 20 years later When you realize bae is a hoe Youre a pussy He said like u got the money to do that dont forget Im not yo ex bitch, I aint broke.
I love my BFFL, she dont even smoke but for my bday bitch gone b turntttt fa me Some bitches turned on me with bitched that once turned on them.
Wanna know if a bitch hygiene up to par.
Wipe behind that bitch ear and put it to her nose.
If she flinch.....you got ya If all you gunna do is bitch then take ya ass home Pink nipples are cute but some be looking nasty than a bitch!
Lightup Sketchers,
Definition kick your feet together and watch the bitches flock.
Sentence blinding bitches when yo Candy Corn Peeps Are Hoe Candy Candy Corn Trash super trash Top 5 Cartoon bitches id fuck 1.
Timmy turners mom Beyonc seems like a bitch Chad you got all the hoes
Why are you texting me instead of your hoes After a hoe gave you head and say Its my turn lol they turn down to early bunch a pussies Suicide Girl Hopeful how about getting a job hopeful, or going to school hopeful you silly bitches!
Its a bunch of penis on my timeline literally u want me 2 dm u my pussy lol You prolly ate ur dad...he hates you Ok dad These bitches is really my sons tho Lmaoooooo Bitches be in internet relationships tho.
Like yous a lonely hoe These bitches lonely Females in Michigan are like those seagulls from Finding Nemo when it comes to d Gator needs his GAT punk ass bitch hoe ass nigga.
Hoe Ass Nigga x2 Niggas be mentally dating females they never met before.
Frfr come party wimmie Im leavin this shithole til summfest Im leavin dis hoe before that!
When a bitch got you fucked up but you devoted your life to the Lord so you gotta stand there like you aint mad Dudes taking selfies aint cute.
ya pussies My bitch wanna post a thirst trap ima just not pay the water bill that month.
We all gon be thirsty Niggas be like I get 3 times the pussy you get jokes on you fam 3 times 0 is zero Trippin over a rock trippin over a bitch bitches love coming out in public naked Dont do this !!!!
i hate when bitches be like deeper, deeper bitch what u thought i had some spare dick in my back pocket i was saving?
Chocolate pussy 4.
Well damn.
Make her a single mother What if you finally get the pussy its garbage?
Yall hoes dont cook on sundays no more huh?
I rather see wifey happy then see a hoe naked common sense niggas treat hoes Better then the one that loves them and been the These niggas in gangs jus be tryna fit in or jus be tryna get somebody to ride fa em or wit most of u niggas bitches If this bitch dont just go through the freaking packet it means youre a faggot lol Chris brown a bitch because everyone talks about his relationship.
Charlemagne be saying the sam I need some hoes man real shit Every super hero a bitch except iron man Peter Parker the biggest hoe loser ass nigga no bitches no cribs no whips Go talk to all your other hoes I forgot ONE letter guys I promise Im not an illiterate hillbilly Dat bitch Katy Perry Can Suck Skin Off Of my Dick Finna fly me a Thot out here!
Get back on My make bitches Fly like Peter Pan shit.
If my bitch fuckin she jus a thot!
I mean Im tryna take shit to a next level here.
Shannon said U hoes cant be wit The GLO!
That pussy Aint yours broski.
You niggaz get so emotionaaaal, You remind me of my bitch!
An Ugly bitch whos loud af well..all i can say, is that i fucked hoes and made money I cant be in my twenties stressing over a bitch who playin games.
So he is the ultimate faggot got to show this queer how to eat i love when celeb nudes leak and all the girls with trash bodies try and critique them Fuck up you swole fag If I can take your bitch was she ever really yours?
Its Halloween everyday for dykes You gotta fuck ugly bitches from 3 towns over that youll never see again so you can work the kinks out of your sex ga If my man aint appreciating me this pussy DEFINITELY IS gonna end up in another nigga mouth.
You can quote me Lmaoo That bitch called on Thor for some strength.
I think this Steubenville rape trial is some bullshit.
That rollen bitch wanted the dick lls and got mad when she w ...
When I say faggot it just means someone who is fucking weak...
Lmaooo hoes so childish sometimes I wanna upper cut this bitch but I dont know if shes special ed or not If youre fucking your sons barber and you still gotta pay for the cut...ya pussy is wack!
cant no bitch make me mad over a nigga i already had Damn it Once or twice is cool but damn bitch A boyfriend and girlfriend suppose to laugh at these hoes together.
A guy should never have these hoes laughing at his Eat her pussy when she mad, sad, stressed, mad at you, or whatever shit just lay her down and eat her pussy up Those 2014 NBA All Star Jerseys look retarded...They look like the combo of a NFL jersey a FUBU jersey If I text You up?
that means is it safe for me to come and eat the pussy until I reach cream filling?
Lmaoo Thats a legal tackle faggot Seriously?
shut up bitch Bet her pussy smell like dried up oysters I bet this hoe pussy juices look like spoiled chocolate milk 20 bitches in the lobby, its plenty bitches in the lobby Perfect vision....Me, my niggs, mas hoes, mas clicquot, mas dom p, mas moet, my type of party blasting out a Cali condo drop that pussy bitchhhhhhh i luv when pussy smell like refurbished iphone 3 nigg complaining about a journal and bitches half naked we were at the party last night and P goes...bro this nigg got on chucks just chillin and dancing w all the bitches..
what does the fox say bitch?
Oi ya big boring cunt, Kubrats a comin...
Is that fire works or pussy poppin nigga wtf sounds like something youd say you is a bitch ass nigguh I hate bees man.
They be like Buzz buzz bitch and Im like Nah man I aint done shit to you Females are more thirsty for attention than males are for pussy.
All These bad bitches gotta grow up.
Trick or treat bitches, Happy Halloween.
Cause youve been actin like bitches all year long.
Fat hoes always wanna beef with somebody, yall dont need to be around no type of beef You officially brought flopping to football congrats on being a pussy...
Plz dont tell nobody, bitch I know you got a man..lol I aint gon tell nobody!
This bitch aint got a bit of sense lmaoo!!
All hoes lie.......
If you dont make her go to sleep after yall fucked then your pipe game trash Time for the comeback pussies.
You gotta know the difference between a good girl and good pussy If he dont believe you, no refunds hoe.
Liquor before beer youre in the clear, beer before liquor youll be fine dont be a bitch Niggas really be proud of having hoes.
But how many of yall gonna bring them dirty bitches home to your Fingering N eating the pussy at the same time is good rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe All the niggas in the world why tf Do bitches mess with their friends nigga?
New Avi Me my two yellow bitches bitch where tf you think you going?!
yeaaaaahhhh, like relationship wise.
So I was like oh no not my Reedzy Thuggin, bitch suppose to thug it out!
Finally Mellie got some back bone.
I might like her this season.
1976 pussy!
If Kanye took Kim to McDonalds then ya hoes dont deserve 200 Dates When you make a joke and someone you hate laughs and youre thinking No bitch you arent allowed to laugh.
When a hoe says hi to bae dont send me snapchats from something i wasnt invited to you rude ass bitch hiding your favorite snacks from your family bc youre a selfish bitch mom why cant u just accept me for the bad bitch i am Lowkey called that faggot a faggot.
When someone tweets these hoes aint loyal but they laid up at the crib looking like....
So ike just had to punch a nigga for harassing a young lady on Ga ave and Florida Ave in nw dc Stop fuckin with a take me out somewhere type of bitch...
Get you a baby I cooked for you type of chick!!
I hate when niggas be slobin all on the blunt like they eatin pussy have the nerve to try pass it.
Im good nigga I Im about to go on be the devil catfish some hoes.
Its 2014 you niggas still runnin round sayin Yall dont eat pussy.
Yall must be suckin dick.
When the side bitch try to approach you in public.
Im Tryna be like steez bro got dem hoes rir When you find out your bae is a hoe Hoes b soo lost dey forget dey hoes.....
This bitch possessed by the thot demon.
I just wanna b a side nigga to a thick pretty faced cuffed hoe that does coke bumps garbage underground rappers n shops at p i love girls who arent afraid to encourage or compliment the next chick..
bitches hate so much now thats its refreshin this girl comes into class with fried chicken and pulls hot sauce out of her purse i mean come on how ghetto Stereotypi bitch you love every team but the US lol RT This is the game Ive been waiting for!
bitch Cruising down the street in my 64, jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes When you eat the pussy so good she cant control her moans A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend Eat her pussy and look at her like Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean yall happy, having a title Sucking dick eating pussy is apart of sex.
If you think its nasty then maybe your ass is too YOUNG to be fucking in the hmu when you stop bein a lil bitch hoes these days be like if you dont eat pussy youre childish and immature.
she killed that bitch No girl sucks dick but somehow all dudes get head.
Dudes only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant Uhh bitch, dont tell him Bless you.
65 a random number for some pussy.
But bitches do that too Im getting tired of these same ol no hope broke bitches!
No job, all they wanna do is twerk and smoke Swishers When said Fast bitch I call her Bizzy busy cause she only bone thugs Takes a ho bath Hes terrified of water.
Your pussy so bomb I call it dynamite Right you are!
Hes the one with Obama on his ass!
I take a bitch to Houstons she better not speak to another nigga while the meal still in her digestive system Hate basic bitches, Is that Kawhi Leonard?
Nvm Ion need I fuc nig Hoes is Hoes niggas be mad cuhz they be tryna cuff the hoes cuh I got NO love for bitches or bitch niggas cuh When a bitch say I love you hit her wit the reverse psychology say do you?
It work 70 of the time cuh the other 30 g bitches brag about goin to the gym and still be shaped like a patron bottle cuh bitches is twerkin on camera while they kid watchin sponge bob cuh bitches name they make up off of instagram filters cuh this bitch was lookin like Rise the other day bitches who smoke cigs are disgusting cuh fat bitches dont like liftin up they arms in the summer all that dampness cuh idk why skinny bitches think they got ass cuh if a bitch let me hit ill leave her CRIPpled cuh if a bitch tell you she got cheated on more than 3times its somethin wrong with that hoe cuh if the pussy not fartin u not fuccin right cuh its some sexy ugly bitches in the world cuh that ill fucc these blacc ass charcoal bitches be sayin they mixed with irish and some other false shit cuh white hoes still wear UGGs in hot ass weather cuh LOL you for being a dumb bitch.
Being so wrapped up in love that you stop doing well for YOU is what middle schoolers do, dumb bitch.
I want just want mo All that high fashion leather gear u wearin to impress a bitch..I got at her wit a dickie shirt and some Adidas slides And if a bitch cant respect a nigga wit some paper and a fresh pair of bball shorts then she was raised terribly..
Dont Neva check a real nigga.......
Check a hoe Fuckin hoe ass Click it or ticket.....25 dollars n shit I never bought a bitch....
I will not buy your bitch no red bottoms....
Some bitches think a trucker hat automatically makes them a model.....
She play Quarterback, and got a cheerleader girlfriend...
Teachers always assign homework like we dont have no life, bitch I gotta go home and tweet.
Teachers always think they slick, bitches be subtweeting you in class and shit.
This bitch arguing with my dad
If you fuck wit a lame nigga you a lame bitch If Byron Leftwich fucks as hard as he throws then he kills bitches Hey Liberals,meet , future majority leader of the US Senate.Enjoy.
Payback is a bitch.
To the retards chanting USA at the FC Dallas game, Kansas is in the USA.
Bitches be having No job No future No education have the nerve to say all these niggas want is pussy Bitch cause that Stfu faggot a clip is 4 holy fucking tittyy shit How yall hoes do instagram rates hoes have no life girls with six packs are scary.....
ripped bitches are scary looking.
Cry some more Thats a legal tackle faggot Seriously?
Shave pussy deserve nothing but fie head and good dick My Face when bitches expect me to care Its about that time of the year when all the Lightskin hoes who swore they was brown cuz of they summer tan come back AHAAAA DUHH These hoes are for everyone !
U gotta be retarded to skip class in college Kirk aint nothing but a bitch HipHop Bruh every time a famous celebrity tweet something, the 1st person to comment is some hoe talkin bout slap ya dick on me d Even at a young age these hoes aint loyal If my girl get in a fight with your girl you better be ready to fade too cuz Ima knock you out then go help my bitch stomp Lying ass bitch McDonald employees always rolling their eyes when you pay with coins like bitch you broke af too fuck you giving me attitud Me Youre a hoe Hoe You wasnt saying that August 12, 2014 at 722 PM Me Well youre a hoe today on October 1st 2014 at When a bitch sneezes too close to you Your room bitch Tell me somethin dirty Never trust a yall so cute ass bitch they just waiting to strike Kanye turned a hoe into a housewife and niggas said RIP good girls forever.
If her hands and feet dirty how can you tell if a girl pussy stink before actually gettin in her pan ...
Some bitches just want u to sleepover sometimes This nigga tried to hate on me to a bitch and she told this cornball im that nigga i couldnt host 106 and park ..
id fuck too many young bitches my bitch a choosy lover niggas tweet about wanting a good girl while giving hoes attention ALL day oomf pussy probably taste like the Krabby patty secret formula.
bitch ya mom take it in the ass for the light bill bitch ya mom lick ass for Christmas gifts bitch lol Chris brown got no chill button.....
Why sell a bitch out on social media tho?
Like not even a subliminal, buddy took time to Bitches are only moral when it comes to sex...
Otherwise they hoe th youre not safe pussy boy looooool Hahaha these niggas funny askRT I bet I can pull at lease 3 bitches with them Best said by theres a storm brewing bitch lmao And I aint got time for bitches , gotta keep my mind on my mothafuckin riches Wake up like fuck my life, lifes a bitch but she better fuck me right if the purge come to my city ima be like bitch is active as shit!
Bunch of insecure bitches out here Niggas will fuck over a pretty girl w her head on right , for a ho who only got 3 pair of good panties .
swag swag swag bitch moooob How you invite me over to fuck but I can smell yo pussy from across the room???
Man aint that dinner she cook then bou How you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
Finding a female wo a hoe record is like tryna find a nigga wo a felony.
A bitch can look like a million dollars wit sum garbage ass pussy I hate wen a bitch fart den be like uughh uuuu farted...no bitch clearly u did ill let a mfa kno wen im fin to Im sorry but side bitches better than a wife in this era...check the stats B lol Mariners said moms 21 and over get free ball caps on mothers day.
She been wit 3 of the niggas on just this show plus two guest appear ion ask nobody for SHIT .
never have a problem doing shit fa people neither but damn can a bitch get a thank you ?
is the voice behind Mustard on the beat hoe This how all the hoes gonna be like tonight And I aint trippin on nothin, Im dippin on somethin, and my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight ...
Lmao, I fucks with real talk, them bitches know how to have FUN!
Damn I hate being a huge pussy had all the bitches on MySpace going nuts....
Chunky girl seeks Studly man for nasty sex in my head I was like this bitch may have well emailed me directly for this s THIS SHIT IS LIKE 45 minutes away and its 1 AM so clearly I am in desperate need of some pussy bruh!
So I pull up to this This bitch does so begrudgingly as fuck.
Was likeman up you a big bad man crying like a bitch.
and is the shows bad ass Vampires turn into spineless pussys and little OOC bitches Peek a boo bitch, swag scare ya kids Whats Tygas worst bar?
Apple, your new iPhone software is shit, maybe Ill sue u cunts request damages based on the pussy Ive missed out on b My boy is obviously gonna be slaying all the pussy tonight, dressed as a ninja turtle Swiggety swag, I love you too fag You ever look at a bitch and just be like...
Bitch Basic bitches basic cable 20 rts Ill go down there and say fuck er right in the pussy Dumb bitches broke my tv, went to wal mart fucked up...
Wokeup with a smart tv lol Wisconsin IASIP nice work bitches!
I havent slapped a bitch in two weeks Roses are red Violets are blue I just fucked yo bitch .....but nigga do you...
Making homemade pickles and working on a funny tweet about pussy.
Kobe Thats why yo man want me hoe guy holding his face Omgod kobeshia shut up pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga with Youre tweeting at the cringiest people in Darth here.
And Dana is our bitch lmao, she follows our r The most ghetto bitches be pregnant af smh poor kids!
That boss ass bitch song got basics thinking theyre models lmao Aw damn, Havent hug a bitch in a while.
not all of us my nig!
We all black DEFINITION OF REAL Except you bruh you let bitch ass babidi turn on your niggas fam htt Dem hoes who swear their pussy priceless but u sell ass all day As a girlfriend, you have to accept the fact hoes are gonna be all up in his face.
But as a boyfriend, he better let them You cant be like Let me miss ya sometimes bitches take it overboard and shit, I said give me time to miss yo ass not Honestly I kind of get offended when people ask me if my eyelashes are fake.
Fake eyelashes arent this long bitches.
I dont play with pussy ass niggas.
There is no cure for Ratchet.
It has to run its course in these bitches.
Go talk to your other hoes That awkward moment when you hold the door for someone and they use the door next to it..
Like bitch you better back th ...
You value yourself because someone gave you a title.
I value myself because bitch Im clutch.
All hoes are friendly.
On the low Theyre really looking for the next bitch to smash In some pussy??
Brees you need a black hoe, who cheating on her man that work offshore, that would fuck you while the baby in the bed w That outside dick keep dem hoes sick...
Fuck all those assholes.
Theyre niggers, they all look alike to me.
those little faggots usually have bags over their heads anyway.
Fuckin ignorant ass niggas.
Dont dm me a video of you counting money n say why u so stuck up bitch...
They dont make RB like THIS anymore!!!!!!!
Dudes used to make you feel good about busting it wide open not call you a hoe A bitch is wearing a scarf today!
I know youre gonna stalk my tweets so just know that youre a dumb fucking bitch!
Making this first day my bitch Feel like most people want you to commit and cut off all your hoes so they can relax and start being complacent I cant take any girl serious that refers to herself as a bitch or the guys she dates as these niggas.
I just fucked the life out this bitch!
so tony I think yr a rude little cunt and too too young to even know what real rock and rol I dont support that ya idiot.
See i aint like fuck a bitch we never loved a thot Yung Berg trying to fuck all these hoes.
youre all pussies.
Only men throw whammers in their assholes I play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos haircut I want attention yet shes on twitter talking about getting somebodies dick wet tonight and what her tongue does, deez hoes g Hoes really be having built up animosity towards you for no reason.
Like whats your problem bitch?
Fill me in cuz Im lost How other mfs tell me gm Damn Near every mornin , an my bitch dont even tell me Gm an she be wide TF awoke wtf type shit When my bitches call me daddy like you have to be borderline retarded not to see andre 3000s elite skill level for example.
This go That pussy keep calling me, gettin me in trouble you could have helped Mellie, you revolving doorshaped head ho.
You arent quiet when youre balls deep Ive been at work chuckling at that time said not revealing your age keeps the pussy fresh.
Them hoes come them hoes go its a revolving cycle If a nigga fuck my bitch dats on ha cat ..
but ima leave yu alone fa being trifling Ima catfish a bitch with fake arms Yall ever just been having a normal day and your mind plays a horrible trick on you and give you a whiff of some good pussy I be closing my eyes and shit sometimes so bitches be able to sneak a quick nipple lick in..
But she aint going ham on me yo If K Michelle was apart of Baltimore twitter shed be one of them hoes saying shes celibate smh I love money fuc a bitch I wont stress myself , and I keep my mouth closed cuz I can Chi aint no bitch then you got them Assyrian kings on California and Peterson U cant turn a hoe into a housewife hashtag tupac Fuck candy.
Eat pussy.
Niggas always wanna talk about how God is against gays..
What about that pussy you was eating last night?
Aint God ag Karma is a bitch ....
You cant appreciate a woman if youre entertaining hoes.
Stop fuckin jail birds.
RT Niggas thats that serious about ass play scare me.
That shit so sus Hey Boy This half breed Chiricahua Apache is on YOUR ASS !!
Unless youre a bitch.
I wish someone would make a song about how these hoes aint loyal this bitch lmao Bitches Would Cheat on a nigga That give her everything she ask for and be loyal to shawty smh bitches aint shit You might have a lot of followers bitch but a third wants to just fuck you the second third would hate your personality.
I think if Biggie saw Kandi Burress today he would change his mind about not fuxing one of those ugly as Xscape bitches Having a bitch aint goofy.
Having bitch dat aint loyal is bitches be having reality twisted Im assuming she got a cup on Her pussy got a bicep b.
wtf?
You was so eager to be a hoe you didnt even read twitpic a selfie wearing a leotard same bitch talking abt you will be the only bitch in your face, but .
This bitch just blew my high and I was high off all of these drugs Fasho youve been officially hired as my bitch Mustard is yellow.
if my avi was big tits this would be an epic tweet.
What in the mother fuck is flappy bird?
Cant spell above and beyond without hoe Getting bitches Chicks would get tired of Dr Dre calling them a bitch and go listen to Jodeci talk about how theyd give her their hous His jeans bluer denabitch.
Hes SICK how you know the pussy wast overrated ht I never knew it was possible to look like you were about to buy some pussy and still look cool while doing it until tha She from the D.
She might have some hoes on the stroll.
All jokes aside Dej loaf dress like Jerome h Tell Bubba in Alabama youre African and not black and hes gonna call you a nigger with an EXTRA hard ER.
Niggas be like I got some hoes on the flo ....
broke hoes 3 words, OUT MY FACE New Orleans in that bitch ..
Serious You bitches you aint shit, I swear you think you poppin cause you instagram famous 1.
For male rap artist if you not talking about money, bitches and drugs niggas dont wanna hear your shit Idk but I think niggas that like getting head are gay bitch what Horrible Invader Zim was trash Drink some bleach bitch!
How to curve tf outta hoes...
Fuk being on some chill shit .
I go 0 to 100 hoes real quick.
so you better recognize when you have yourself a rider before you end up with a hoe that fat bitch ruined everything fuck it though I was super burnt But if I run into that niggah imma let you know Sike nah that bitch be havin me buggin Them shits was dry as a bitch!
Had to ask for water and shit You prolly dont like me niggah I dont really give a fuck how you feel No shave November...
AKA the month I crush the most pussy.
1st time eating pussy, I thought I was supposed to literally eat it so I ended up biting her clit really hard.
If cats are afraid of water, why does pussy get wet?
Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips lmaoo not buying bitches vehicles You a hoe if you leaving a mans house right now with a costume on Bulls still not winning the title with this bland ass offense.
Pau still a pussy.
No darkskin niggas in the starting line u I just want to fuck bitches and listen to Conway Twitty.
These hoes aint loyal If her pussy got over 10 body counts, Its dead.
Pussies only have 9 lives Shoutout to your main bitch !
Put that pussy on me, make me want nobody else!!
I know all those Pacer fans who stayed clownin D.
Rose are all on mass suicide watch now...
Karma is a fat bitch wit a beard Can murder my pussy?
what the fuck is this disgusting nigger from the movie captain phillips doing on the red carpet for the oscars what the fuc A strong black women is simply a bitch that wanna argue over every single thing If this ugly to you, you either a gay nigga or a hating ass bitch To recap Dem Governor candidate in SC calls the GOP candidate a whore.
candidate mocks the GOP candidates di Lil skinny bitch throw ha like a frito bol I dont fuck with these hoes I dont fuck with niggas thats fuckin these hoes Im glad Bey did this shit....now some of u bitches wit that one shaved side can go ahead shave that other side too....
Lebron a bitch.....Drake performed with a torn ACL at the MTV Awards....
I hate myself for bein so nice to these hoes bro.
So apparently likes takin pictures when hes eatin pussy Tierra Marie Im the Princess of the ROC Rihanna yall get a good pic cause this bitch aint gone be here long Waterproof lab coat in case I drown in the pussy I hate when people leave their trash in my car.
Jammin these sad songs, smoking squares thinking bout bitches...
lmfao And Black women need to stop referring to themselves and other sisters as hoes Bitches.....
It really aint a good look I love them stripper bitches bitch you got too many teeth in your mouth Fuck me or Ill make you feel bad about it.
But if you fuck other guys, Ill call you a hoe.
And if you fuck me, Ill thi Oops!
DVRING is a bitch.
My signature whitebitch move is profusely apologizing for being late with a full Starbucks cup in hand.
A lot of ppl look at me like who the fuck does this bitch think she is....
Goldschmied to you Dont be mad at me for telling FACTS be embarrassed at urself for acting like a bitch Go die in a hole bitches Happy birthday to the nicest faggot ever No bitch I wanna roll a fucking blunt If you cant pass the asvab you might as well just go full retard i dont have time for these childish games, just fight me bitch.
my nig I saw a girl scratch her private today..
Dont fuck her right in the pussy lmaoooo Ima start a fuck buddies to save lives program.
Lol match some dry bitter ass folks up wit some good dick or pussy.
Juice should have been dead his bitch ass!
In the 26 bitch we prolly hit the same bitch, in the 26 bitch we gone bang the same shit, in the 26 bitch we prollu hit But Ive made some hoes second guess themselves lol I really hate skyler like shes loaning money and its not even hers like bitch wtf Lol bitches act hard when they stay getting they ass beat Just hit it pussy bitch.
omg youre a nigger.
TheWhite Coward is pussy Gave her that move it lil nigger push smh..
when she says she not a hoe This nigguh Chris Paul Im the coolest bitch Follow my DOG..
he has over 17K bitches I made a golden retriever my bitch today at the park.
if you pledge allegiance to the pussy If a guy ever called me names such as bitch, slut blah blah.
Like fuck you I Nah nigga you blowin dick Smoking that exotic bitch blowin Os I fucked yo bitch dont get mad its nothing new I fuck everybodys bitch I smashed her an dat pussy was wet Might see a bitch an forget i hit it Woke up tryna fuck yo bitch bitch get off twitter and text me back I love u we dont love these hoes Had to wash the bird shit off of my broom...Disgusting creatures.
To the rejects who constantly call my house and are threatening to rape my mom, karmas a bitch.
Rot in hell, faggots.
pours out 40 for the bitches that do hair and makeup every single day Dorks are fucking bitchmagnets.
My personality test results basically say bitch you is crazy.
A female cock block is called a clam jam.
Pigs drink up to 14 gallons of water every day, but they still arent as thirsty as some of you hoes.
Stoner Chicks Drunk hoes Them hoes aint solid I laugh so hard when females be all in my DMs but they have a Avi picture with the Dont no real bitch want no soft nigga..
These hoes aint loyal.
My ex bitch keep tryna be my next bitch..
when she called me tha other day i told her GIVE IT A REST BITCH bitch, ya betta!
I convinced hitler was a faggit, no bitches, no kids, all those leather uniforms, wanted to be alone with his closest men lock Fuck Michigan too many wanna be thugs.
If you ask me yall pussy.
Im out this bitch next year You dont know where your boyfriend is at on a Saturday night?
LOL He fucking other bitches thats where hes at Niggas want a virgin porn star and bitches want a dangerous safe nigga.
Dont watch me you beta watch your bitch nigga!
fifty bucks says a dense cunt thinks I say totes on the reg and unfollows bc I said cheerleader.
Countdo I spent my whole fucking life apologizing for not being enough.
You cant cut, nip, fuck, booze or drug the inadequacy out you dont want to get treated like a ho, stop dressing like one if you want to stop getting treated like a thug.....
Youre such a bitch
Me Not today, bitch.
Not today soooo ur a black feminist.
Liberal1 youre a racist bitch
Liberal2 yeah kill all whites
Liberal1 is white
So dont mind me while Im a total jackass to their butt hurt pussies right The looters in are so retarded, that they risk arrest to get free food when EBT already pays for their food LO You can no longer run a business n America unless its deemed acceptable by 1 political group of retards known as democr Ppl quick 2 bitch about what somebody aint did for em when 9 times outta 10 they aint did shit for that person Pau a hoe.
How u gon play after the trade deadline I dislike that guy.
Yea he helped bring two chips but he soft A she curved regular niggas daily.
Especially us Austin niggas.
Damn yellow ppl I dont trust nobody.
These bitches fake.
These niggas faker.
So its not fuck yall, Id rather just not fuck wi A penis lives a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, neighbor is an asshole, best friend is a pussy and owne ...
Statistics dont lie, if you like gun control youre a queer guy.
true i need to sleep to make them Gainz bruh!!
So all the hoes stay Mirin p Alright, later White girls that talk ghetto youre not cute Girls with anchor tats are hoes I look in the mirror and see a pussy ass bitch that sits down when he pees.
Shes a sapiosexual.
Showed her Im an intellectual and put the pussy on the chainwax.
if he fuck yo bitch u should be happy like damn boosie fucked my bitch lmao Distance is a fucking bitch.
big booty hoe Yeah, definitely arent finishing 4th in division.
Not this year bitches.
Robin Thicke doing too much to get Paula back.
That pussy had to have been 1.
I havent had cable At my crib in a year I dont give a damn bout a tv show like hoes n hip hop Man yall hoes gotta chill with this going natural bullshit, its only a few who can actually pull it off but the rest When I saw men saying Arguing with women is gay...whats when I knew yall really try hard for bitches attention who don Random hoe So I heard..
Me The nerve of these bitches in Champaign These hoes aint loyal A relationship is for 2 .
but you know some of you hoes dont know how to count today at 10am bitch do your Hw!
Instagram, the only place you can find thirsty hoes and connects at the same time Every frat should have gay brothers because they pull hella fine bitches to your parties Sigma Alpha Epsilon Eatin the pussy right and she push you off lets go pick up dat bitch she only 10 dollars lol Hml Brogod Its cold as penguin pussy.
Niggas be waiting for these light skin bitches to respond to a DM like ...
This is what happens when niggas gas up ugly bitches Shawty fine, breath stank...
Do da heisman on dat hoe my bad bro dem hoes heat tho why I was bouta grab dem hoes yeterday outta hook ups Fuck bitches...Get money Some females make being a hoe look so easy like damn girl dont shit bother yo soul sometimes ??
Thats why youre lonely and single, you stupid bitch.
bitch you breathe too much, shut the fuck up i miss my bf well, i miss limewire...
sooo shut the fuck up, you whiny bitch First I charge my phone, then I text your bitch Hoes will be hoes.
How bitches be when soccer players take their shirt off..
If I got something to say to you, ill you, until then, dont be concerned about my tweets, bitch.
If I had 400 and my girl had 0, I would have 400 be single bc I dnt fuck with broke bitches.
that youre a sensitive lil bitch.
If Ive offended you, Im very sorry that youre a lil bitch with no sense of humor.
We dont give a fuck bitch.
Bae is somewhere cheating ri These 13 yr old bitches really got that minimum wage nigga alex thinking about starting a clothing line.
Im done with bitches will argue with you for 30 mins and then be like you know what, i aint gonna argue with you
bitch what???
bitches with no tits or ass dont even get a hug from me...
i dont give a fuck what my ex is doing...
bitch isnt my problem anymore im not rude, most people are just sensitive little bitches rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe when bitches talk about their bf 247 bitch doing a keg stand at this party Ok seriously fuck the people who slam on their breaks when the light turns yellow.
FLOOR THAT SHIT BITCH I bet I hit that bitch..
like a game winner Niggas!
Stop giving these hoes Attention!
How About retweeting True beauty instead of retweeting these half naked MF.
Das why girls put booking info in they bio when they get 5k followers one time me and this blind bitch was watching a movie I saw the xxx but I just thought she was a hoe Niggas madd gay teachers giving niggas pussy and they snitching.
incredible Maury 70 years old still exposing hoes I wanna sleep but Im outside with this nigger lol trying to hang him O didnt know?!?
Sure, hes a little bitch.
Valerie Jarrett on the other hand, you betcha.
That guy knows eve well how else will white ppl get us to forget our horrific past other than to paint a pretty picture of ho Chile Im taking greyhound everywhere from now on.
Yo hoes and bout to fly me into no building or fly me over the Bermuda I have not watched part 2 of the reunion.
Im so over them hoes.
I dont even care If you can barely walk in your heels or your dress, bitch you are trying to hard Teenagers have got to be the most disrespectful sons of bitches ever!
Its not an easy job If your tweets have never offended anyone, then you tweet like a little bitch.
hoes taken
me He really put side bitch contract Lmao I hate that hoe already Lmfao bitch got my phone Niggas develop superpowers when it comes to getting some pussy These 5th grade hoes aint loyal When u start realizing that bae is a hoe When you get twerk from the thickest bitch in the room White trash warfare pt 3 bitches be like Im a virgin bitches in middle school be like how to get unlimited pussy in high school pussy ass nigga rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe this bitch at the mall shaped like mr.
It is now National dress like your inner hoe day.
I hope a bird shits on your face, bitch.
youre a bitch thats new information thanks Irrelevant people talk so much shit like who the fuck are you bitch When bae turns out to be a hoe Turn up about to be real , marriott with my bitches for the weekend , mansion tonight , adult swim tomorrow This bitch think she cute and have all the guys over her hunny ur fake asf just like ur weave he dont even like u stfu Ladies, if your pussy sounds like this please hit my DMs.
I need you for a science project Her shitty booty ass talm about its a prep rally.
How bitch how?
dat Nigga Lame bro he Unfollowed Me Like A bitch Boss Niggas Fuk wit Boss bitches Vice versa..
Im a Get Money nigga So da hoes Love me If U wife A bitch den She represent U...So Dnt Wife DA Wrong Bitch If more Den 5 Niggas can Say dey Fuked Yo bitch U Shuldnt Be cuffin Her Lame bitches always Wanna try 2 Play a real Nigga like a Lame Bitch das how u get treated N cut loose Oso told me when his dreads get longer he just gone pop up and fuck niggas bitches lmao You tell me Im beautiful, like you tell every other bitch.
Stevie J turned a hoe into a Housewife and Nikko turned a Housewife into a hoe !!I swear this shit can happen Whats wrong with these bitches breh these hoes woozy fuck u bitch hope I dont see u bitch cuz I would love for u to tell me to my fac bitches lover the word quality because they quality Bitches.
Bitches be like Fuck ponies but ponies ve like Fuck bitches.
Yes im judging you by the way you dress, bitch.
Hoes will be hoes.
Im gonna make this math test my bitch tomorrow.
Asking the govt to cure healthcare is like asking retards to cure downs.
Congressmans office admits Hell yeah Benihana up in this bitch tweet was a mistake.
Somewhere out there, a redneck is jerking off with a hand hell lose in a firework accident tomorrow.
yall gotta stop pumping these ugly hoes heads up Dont no woman want a man that acts like a bitch I asked dis bitch to get me water 10 mins ago where Dafuq is it My uncle taught me abt sex.
He said The birds fuck the bees.
Then he told me he banged a girl so hard her freckles c If ur 20 and still need ur parents permission to do stuff ur a little bitch These water challenges are retarded as fuck.
hoes?
they 10s or better Have a seat drunk bitch If I hit you wit that shottie bitch, I bet ya body flip !
So before you wear a thong get yo pussy in check Niggas dont mind sharing hoes Dumb bitch This bitch came to the club with a broken neck?
Bitch you serious?
Pussy ass bitches ask for nudes.
Real men are out there working for women actually h Talkin bout the next bitch but you aint bout shit.
you slay that bitch When ya broke ONLY real bitches stick around Chief Keef changed the rap game when he said bitch Im cooler than a cooler When Lil Wayne said Even deaf bitches say Hi to me, she tell a blind bitch and she say I gotta see my headphones ju When Wale said.....nvm that nigga trash If a bitch could be okay with fucking a man knowing he has a girl, shes a hoe!
Smack a bitch no filter Tyga makes you think about fucking a bunch of bad bitches J.cole makes you motivated Drake makes you wanna think abou catch a bitch snitch, my finger itchin on the switch Lil stupid ass bitch I dont fuck with YOU!!
Also, just because you suck dick, doesnt mean you have to act like a faggot.
hoes be in everybody clothes and got the nerve to take a picture man that shit crazy !
stop explaining yo self sorry ass bitch DONT NOBODY CARE eww you sound spicy !
I peep a lot of shit and I just laugh cause these hoes some actors !
its two different things you hoes should know because a lot of you hoes THINK yal know me !
Niggas loose they down bitch for a bitch who down to snitch Tight pants and loud colors!!!
You look like a fag!
You know these hoes wishy washy When you and your boys discover a hoe Im tired of fat hoes calling themselves thick.
Bitch, yo fat ass cant even bend over and touch your toes withou ...
Lmfaoooooooooo trash ass falcants LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO ya stink All bitches is crazy.
When you see bae retweet or mention some hoe U tell us you fuckin barbarian Does pussy juice really help ya beard grow?
Drake said it best when he said Niggas act more like bitches these days!
Im a bitch?
Youre a bitch.
Your moms a bitch for having a bitch, your dads a bitch for fucking a bitch.
Now whos t i hate when bitches brag bout how they bf put it down ........
The world will be a better place when bitches like her dies lonely Gucci, you conceited bitch I might be Cause my chain so bright, Stevie Wonder might see benzino bitch wasnt ready Tired of dealing with these hoes , but my dick not Hoes use theit just happened excuse as a means to cope wit them being a ho.
They make it seem as if they had no control o Thats how niggas get cheated on.
See past the b Bullying doesnt exist.....BITCH ASS PEOPLE EXIST!
If you dont stand the fuck up for yourself stop being a pussy!
Flirting with bitches on Twitter like One loyal girlfriend is worth more than a hundred hoes.
Scientists recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin.
Once bitches get the D...
ESJ got some ugly hoes yeah, and them Leon G.
99.9 of em fugly.
You aint lyi This bitch possessed by the thot demon.
Mannn these hoes for everybody other words dont love these hoes especially at FAMU...
All these hoes want is sum Good Dick attention All HBCU Am I the only nigga that fucked a virgin expecting her to scream.
She wasnt even moaning....bitch you not a virgin FA I got some bomb dick from a Alpha, a Q, 2 Kappas, a Iota, two professors all in the same month.
Im not a hoe..I just say I know if my bf breaks up w me Ill become the biggest hoe of all time probably fuck anyone who looks my way bc id be s My body count went from 1 to 9 in one semester...
Im not a hoe just love sex FAMU Sigmas love to eat pussy at their juice partys...
FAMU So my homegirl fucked this alpha but little does she know shes just sloppy seconds...
How my pussy taste FAMU Us dykes get more play than most niggas!
FAMU track girls have the best pussy!!!
BethuneCookman Today is the only day you hoes get a pass for being a fool Yall say Why you dating lil girls like mature hoes just on a rampage outside.
I just fucked yo bitch bruh..
I fucked yo bitch again by mistake..
them klutzy bitches Cause bitch Im Tae !!
Beefing with the same nighas.
Sleeping with the same hoes.
Omm yous a bitch!
Omm if you get in a jam, I bet you snitch!
Omm Pull up like look at my shoes bitch Its okay for Michael Sam to mock Manziel, but if Johnny mocked Sam by pretending to have a dick in his mouth hed get a fucking faggots.
They probably fuck behind redemption those rich sons of bitches too gready.
Smh rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe Every day, I thank my nigga Jesus for hot wings and my uncanny ability to tend to these bitches.
Last night was cool until niggas was more worried bout us than bitches..its like that all the time.
love one of you bucket headed hoes
Bruh why am i always sooooooooooooooo tired but i never sleep im like a new species of retard no disrespect I wonder when it got attractive to be a huge bitch we all know this nigga a bitch....
niggas got nerve on twitter.
Charlie Sheen is a fucking boss majority of these females yall gassing selling pussy , prostituting , escorting , tricks all that ...
dont be fooled I often try to help someone out if I cant decide whether I want to like their insta pic like ehh ill throw this bitch I think Im addicted to naked pictures and sit talking bout bitches that we almost had Kamehamehaaaaaaa bitch.
Word Having zero hoes Party of Racists just elected a black dude in the South.
The party of War on Women just elected first ever woman in redneck when Im pissed I either go merit scholar and use big words or I go ghetto fabulous and talk like Im trashy.
either way I Cause lord know if another bitch call yo nigga handsome and he entertain it ALL HELL gonna break loose...
I think Id cut a bitch for a sausage It amazes me how simple it is for girls to be insane bitches when itd be just as easy for them to be normal sane.
So excuse me for not trusting you being fucked up around hoes.
i dont like girls thatve been around , niggas really be cuffin community pussy.
And her head bc it sholl is big bye bitches Fuck Islam you pigfucking trash troll.
My boyfriend isnt allowed to give a girl his jacket.
That hoe knows damn well what channel the weather is on, she cou Facebook needs these 3 buttons Dislike, Who cares, Are you retarded?
1 Im sorry 2 It wont happen again 3 1 2 are lies 4 Youre a pussy 5 Your Mom hates you If my tweets offend you
stop being a sensitive pussy 2.
Fuck your feelings Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10, 10, 10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
Why dont some of you hoes start popping birth control Saying bitch after proving your point.
So just be a bitch ugly people taken
hoes taken
me Rolling backpacks get all the bitches Too many good single girls, too many hoes taken.
I could be such a bitch right now.
Bitches eat mad beef,drink Henny and do the shmoney dance thats why they pussy always stink The fuuuck happened to her ?
Aint nothin worse than a bad bitch that lost it Hairy pussy bitch you the type that got herps Love a bitch that never act hollywood I suck a giant dick, i suck a skinny dick i suck a faggot dick, i suck a nigger dick i suck the dicks that remind me I think most men cheat because theyre addicted to that new pussy smell.
The nae nae got to the white ppl its too late Lmao they ate this hoe stonnaaaaa Chief keef is trash.Im glad someone said it low key miss you bitches Me and my grandma got to tweakin hoe turnt bitch you better play w this
d i i i i i i i i i i c k Ugh I fuckin hate when this bitch dont answer my calls e ugh I hate her ass Im on go, so bitch tread carefully.
I cant stand this dumb fucking bitch These old hoes is madddd that and slayed they attire!!!
bitch Scientists recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin.
Texting bitches at 1112, making their wish come true.
how ugly bitches take selfies mannn..
we had hoes like that wen I was in school..
Da Bitch fucking fuck Brandeis.
Fuck O Connor.
Fuck Brandeis.
Just kidding, htown helotes flexes, bitch.
My brother want to put on an asshole persona just to get females.That what happens when you let pussy control you, you Top ten rappers With no hoes 1.Hopsin 2.Lupe 3.Canibus 4.IMT 5.Childish G 6.Papoose 7.Hopsin again 8.Joell Ortiz 9.Krs hits blunt
bruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes, but shes one of my hoes, do I keep texting her ?
bruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes, but shes one of my hoes, do I keep texting her ?
Watch That bitch get more defensive than dwig You ever call your ex while youre fucking your side bitch?
Yea Im gonna do that later While the men will often be rambling and retarded, the women will appear trashy and tipsy, lawless and lustful Playoff hockey sucks.
Dude, have a snickers.
Youre retarded when youre hungry.
Dont trust these hoes Lots of bankrolls hoes .
These hoes like niggas that spend money not talk about it damn these bitches in middle school look grown af in these nudes Isnt it funny that the people who call me fat, ugly, a whore, stupid, a cunt, a bitch, etc are the same ones whining abo I want a real relationship no games, no lies, no side hoes, just me and you Lawd Jesus, this cant be real to ghetto to be real lol if you attractive everyby will believe you have the niggasbitches regardless of if you really do or do not im not ready to see yall hoes tweet new year, new me lmfaoo NEVER I be Dolo , I dont got no niggas, for my old hoes FUCK ALL THEM 1 Me.
the fat bitch whos fat but think she thick and a big fine Side hoes get no love Thotology 613 Thou shall have no type bad bitches is thee only thing thou shall like HerAssFat 615 And on the 7th day God said these hoes are for everybody Why ya niggas be gassin these wack ass bitches ?
Main reason why i aint got no girl cause i aint never found not 1 bitch who tryna get money wit me all yall hoes like Des bitches swear dey faithful A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend Fuck twerking, bitch can you cook?
I call my penis The Titanic because so many bitches went down on it.
Your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt.
Brandon is so annoyingand a lil bitch Is it a crime if a nigga just wanna eat pussy?
Keshawn Martin is soooooooooo fucking trash!!!
hoes Be going through depression when they dude in jail bc other females gettn told the same shit they all need to be there I love a bad bitch with a attitude, idk why but a cutie thats a savage is sexy as fuck Im avoiding commitment because these hoes aint loyal BRUUUUUUH Kobe, last night yelling at Dwight Howard You a bitch ass n?
You a faggot for kicking a field goal just got beat 44 to 3 in Madden I aint tryna see nigger legs in a bikini we cant be cool if you gonna be a little bitch all the time so if her legs dont rub together that means her pwoosy is trash?
If she doesnt take it in the ass, tell the bitch youll pass.
RETWEET if you fucked someones bitch I never understood that whole pissin on a bitch trend that was going round...I like my bitches clean, mayne I just roasted a hoe African colored car I push niggerous whips ATTENTION!
Especially you hippo looking hoes!
Im not saying shes a hoe, but shes been on more wieners than Heinz Ketchup.
We gotta get rid of trash ass Alex smith What happened to the old wigga??
Nigga screamed like a Lil bitch lol
my chink ass eyes Yung berg did a bitch move If you tell her the dick good she gone wanna try, tell her its wack she gone wanna see for herself.
A hoe gone be a h Yea I got big hands lol im a big bitch 510 lol im not gon have small hands Too many bitches strictly rely on their looks.
Cant bring nothing to the table but 100 likes and an iPhone its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no real shiit my niggah I dont luv deez hoes at all..
They got thicker mustaches then me u a bitch shorty dont bitch then get mad when i stop trying lol ChrisBrown a bitch 4 hittin a Woman JayZ a bitch 4 lettin a woman hit him bitches needa make up ya mind Yah want yah a When bitches say that your dick game is stupid that hoe starleasha i heard she give uh nigga good ass education Lmao bitch where u been ion put shit pass a bitch boy wat in dat bitch eatin lunch err other dayIm Tellin Ya Rough face hoes be having all the kids...Who did this to u???
Leave ya kids unattended cause u wanna Turn up I hate u fertile hoes Good pussy will make a nigga cum quick shit be over faster than a vine video It aint nothing to that bitch off Um exactly how most of these hoes twat is setup...
I play wit pussy not these niggas Niggas be on here with these Captain Obvious ass tweets about how to treat women and these lonely low self esteem hoes be ea Nun but bad bitches link up tonight finna go crazy Any man who orders a 6 inch sandwich at Subway is a pussy bitch.
Michelle and Keyshia Cole lol More bitter hurt bitch music on the horizon.
If you open a cold beer and it becomes warm before you finish it, youre a bitch.
9 times outta 10 a bitch gonna know if she a hoe or not If you was a hoe yesterday youll be a hoe tomorrow Lmao A hoes best excuse is it just happened lol.
Its okay to admit it She eating pussy but dont eat vegetables You hoes dont deserve the respect you ask for These hoes turn into contortionist just so u can see their ass their smile in the same picture.
Its hard work thir When u love her none of them hoes matter..
The hoes yall chase want me You fuck a girl longer then 30 min you still aint bust...she gotta busted loose ass pussy...
To be honest niggas are the biggest roaches these days..
They be with bitches just to have someone to put shit in their Feelings are a bitch to fucking control...
Having hoes is childish...in the end they do nothing for you either.
Miami isnt a good city at all...dont believe the shit you see on TV that city is trash.
only a black man can make you feel inferior to a hoe with a 2.0 gpa and no future simply because she has a fat ass and with these bitches glad I met these fucks you bitch Benito I thought I was the only one nick when the men are talking sit your bitch as in the corner and listen to this grown fo Like no bitch you didnt make the cut.
Ill send dick pics to your bitch quick .
Welcome to Dallas Nawfside Texas dont come with no hoe shit nigga this Texas you will get MURDERED What yall up to beatin my meat on FaceTime wit a bad bitch Talking about you hate men and done with penis but go get you a manly looking chick that uses a strap on bitch stfu Lil bitch, you aint knowyou can never score from the sideline, hoe!
Mrs Harden be blowin me i be wanna snap on her ahhI had that bitch freshmen year damn nea caught a Bow wow look like the stress of saving a hoe is wearing him down Just cause somebody put bad in front of it yall okay with being called a bitch My entire school You dont talk much.
Me Beause youre all cunts.
When you eat food thats too hot and start breathing like a retarded dragon.
Any bitch that tell you I normally dont do this get ready for the best headpussy youve ever got BITCH FOR WHO, GAP?
Im a model Yall bitches cant tell me nothin Bitches hate kim k bring up she sucked dick too get famous .
Yall bitches suck dick barley get a text back soooooo I dont have no girlfriendside bitches main chick hoes.
I just got a ex I want back .
Niggas drop outta high school get a job at McDonalds talkin bout on my grind lmao okay, GRIND me up a Oreo Mcflurr You bitches are so inconsiderate smh You get drunk with a bitch and u try and grab her ass she get all offended, Well excuse me bitch I thought u were a hoe bitches cant finish a 6 inch sub but want a 13 inch dick i text my ex while she was with her bf so they can fight I was like you looked cute today I aint seen the bitch in pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga wi Big Sean is 57 and 159 pounds, yet he calls everyone lil bitch.
You the lil bitch Sean, you the lil bitch Bob Marley wrote about peace but all you hoes remember him for is smoking a blunt How to deal with cyber bulling
3thats it,stop being a pussy Still trying to hit this hoe......
Looking thru my yearbook, I dont think Ive done that since my graduation.This book got some hoe ass niggas in it I forgot Hispanic women just have the great pussy and wife skills, white girls own the dick sucking and black chicks....ca Trent Richardson so trash I call myself Fat Amy so twig bitches like you dont call me it behind my back.
Im not always a bitch, sometimes I sleep Bitches be like go talk to ya other bitch bitch you is my other bitch That nigger made the shit out of my coffee.
who remembers this bitch?
And watching Supernatural with my fave boys!!
Happy Saturday bitches!
Yall stop trying to steal Halloween back from the hoes !!!
pathetic sickening This nigga is a fuckin faggot THOT is a childish wordGrow up and call that bitch a hoe.
Personality How fat bitches be in relationships before the pretty women?
Lets see the answers lol but youre still a faggot niggers are so ignorant The bromance between pat and ant is real fuck that faggot Now I gotta ask bitches for nudes on Facebook.
Bitches about to start that New year, New me bullshit..
You cant undo the numbers on that pussy thoo alright ill meet you there and im not a fag , in fact Brian dont give her shit bitch you aint getting none tho I like big butts so I can grab them The reason high school is so fucking hard is because ned never made a guide for anything past 8th grade.
Fuck Kiara has small chubby fingers bitch Ive noticed that it mostly be the bitches whose hair dont even reach their shoulders that talk the most shit That bitch ugly Daughter.
You basic ass bitches cant go 2 missed calls with Dont Get Spirit Bombed Lil Nigga Dragonball z trash, debate me if you want When niggas ask me Where the hoes at?
Dont do this Females swear their best friend is the baddest bitch in the world!
Got kicked out of AA classes bc I laughed at a guy and called him a pussy for blacking out every time he drank.
Fuck your bitch make her call me Papi Like damn.
Sorry Im not a girl that hoes around and has sex with 20 billion guys.
Dont forget how Nikko was digging in her booty Sex tape gave her a head bigger than that pussy and for Did u call me a bitch?
I said you were ACTING like one So you just called me one nigga Shut up bitch If a guy flirts with ya girl thats just niggas being niggas.
If she flirts back she a hoe If you gotta talk shit about another nigga to get pussy you weaaak You wonder why I call you bitch ...
know the bitch before you call yourself lovin it niggas prolly been fuckin it My old man has a white galaxy phone cuz hes a fag.
My pussy is totes adorbs when she jumps on my bed with litter stuck to her.
The cat is fucking annoying when she does it.
Started off wit nuttin I was hungry, now I got a couple niggas bitches who want me Need a down bitch to bring me pizza The fox says youre a cunt.
You other niggas a call up a bitch to fight a bitch naw not me Im whomp that trick so she can feel where Im coming from It aint nothin to cut that bitch off Keyair angels female party promoters are not for me..
Most party promoters are hoes them angel bitches are Lmao...........poor pussy!!!!!
Youre a faggotyoure a Texas fan...
Until then.....Keep fuckin dese hoes yolo I ain Niggas talk more than bitches these days..
You got niggas, and I got bitches, but I want you.
PND TV wrestling villains must lie, selectively be a coward, be a bully when they can, gain unfair advantages bitch moan, disre b in da pussy 2 mins like is lupe fiascos retarded illegitimate son I dnt trust bitches who think they shud b on Bad Girls Club Ima buy dat bitch a jump rope bitches live jumpin 2 conclusions A relationship does not stop a hoe from being a hoe.
Bitches will tell you, its all about the angles Watching my bitch take 25 selfies just to get that right 1.
Youre an annoying cunt Well maybe youre a whore you stupid ugly homeless bitch thanks bitch so damn stupid, someone needs to sit that bitch down explain to her that is a p Cuddle with me and tell me Im beautiful Im a needy bitch Yall bitches who hit up the mall looking for new clothes need to hit up the gym those escalators not cutting it This is so stupid How you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
No for you hoes!
Bought that hoe a tomb stone since shes dying for Attention R.I.P Bitch Do you ever just see someones account and think wow what a faggot but at the same time you cant unfollow bc u cant m When Mr.
Krabs sold Spongebob out for 62 cents thats when I knew hoes aint loyalrealist shit Ive seen Im out this bitch too You can only call the Janoskians faggots if youre a Janoskianator Me!
Pick me!
Who is a bigger twat James Blunt or Robin Thicke?
Here I am, ready to rant about gfs and dogs and tears and women who cant handle their liquor and get jealous of club hoes a Im on my straight Grizzly so why would I buy you a gay ass teddy bear, bitch?
Youre a bitch and nobody likes you These hoes be twerkin for Birkin, poppin coochie for Gucci, bustin wide for that Prada, Bendin over for Louis Ugh hes mine bitches!
shouldnt be at the club I done been in the club and saw bitches reject a dance because they had a man.
As And apparently I sound like a country hick.
Perks of being from Kentucky Brandons a dumb fat chunky whore All you do is fucking bitch.
Mike Napoli is the toughest son of a bitch Ive ever known.
So, I like the way your barstool shows off your clam.
Just wanna put food in bitches pussy and take cool pictures.
Dont get why bitches dont like food in their pussies.
Lol at the bitches that act like they single but now have to post pictures with they nigga hahaha Its your girls friends that you gotta watch out for.
Those the bitches that be tryna encourage her to leave you.
Youre a faggot if you ever had the Kim Possible BBM notification A hoe is gonna be a hoe no matter what Girls will ignore your text messages then get bothered when you give other bitches attention.
Quote this with a funny caption niggas gotta hit their side bitch with this in th Nothing will stop a hoe from going to the club.
If you thought Mansion Elan was crazy with Migos wait til Boosie Yo Gotti shut that bitch down tonight This is how you eat pussy,repeat after me!!!
All these girls saying nobody can put em up with em.
Dont no nigga want a bitch as a girlfriend fix that shit mfz in this bitch sellin chicken wings fries Next person I see tweeting that bitch shitting on herself im unfollowing you this ghetto jeopardy shit wack.
My babies pussy is too tight today.
if you a hoe they renamed that bitch the yacht club She my Lowkey bitch, the one I ride Lowkey with.
Not playen that side niggah shit with mine .omm If you gotta nigga or bitch....
PLEASE STAY OUT MY DMs Im tired of yall taken girls Dumb bitches My hoe phase is over You always ugly to a bitch that dont like you Cant put my trust in NO bitch Cant trust none of these hoes If a hoe give my lil Sista a eye like that she betta call me so we can go jump the bitch Wat type of bitch ass nigga rape a innocent female If you hate me I dont care.
New flash bitch, I dont live to please you aha i cant never keep no bitch cause i put them hoes out Please pornstars, stop saying fuck that tight pussy.
I just wanna know when are we gonna go fuck shit up go fuck up bitches?????
Choke on this bitch 8D A woman just yelled at me cause Im drinking a beer at 11 am bitch Im on fucking vacation have milkshakes..
and watch what Just when I thought Justin Bieber couldnt be anymore of a pussy, he gets arrested in Canada for fighting a person who Well bitch biology said Who said 2 females cant make a baby together?
I dont care how much I hate a girl, Ill never call her a hoe, bitch, slut or any of that shit lol Media Matters executive behind campaign blogged about trannies, homos You swear youre down n the realest n you stay doing little bitch shit like that Burnt pussy lips On my way to fuck your bitch.
fucking pussy thats why exactly.
Let me the nigga were talking about
Bring it bitch making every bitch feel important...
u pretty but dat pussy got a 100 thousand miles on it!!
Book value all fucked up Real tears Both these outfits trash, but the dyke outfit got me WEAKKKKKKKK We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women children .
Was daddy still being an abusive rageaholic in hospice, or just making doody in his diapers like a good fag h And for the record, I think Dan Snyder is a cunt.
The hypocrisy of the NFL is just embarrassing at this point.
Sterling is a cunt.
My point is simply until everyone has privately taped conversations released, shut the fuck up.
The only thing more irritating than Donald Sterling being a cunt is Adam Silver continually apologizing for him.
Its a mass grave you fucking cunts.
Its hard to be the bigger man when the other person is being such a cunt Why does Hawkeye have to be in the Avengers?
Hes such a pussy all love my nig These office hoes do not shut the fuck up with their fucking chisme!
Back to these hoes tho.
Chillin w a couple of hoes that like hoes that like niggas that dont act like hoes.
Cuz soon as u start doing the wackcute shit w a hoe, shes your girl Really.
I only be looking like Im fucking bitches I dont tho I told yall...
Side bitches w motives are more powerful than u think...
I wonder if the hoes are gonna give Halloween back to the children this year If I got hoes then I sure cant find where I put them..
Then I got bitches lined up, I got an ego too.
Its so unfair that the hoes get to dress up as hoes for Halloween.
My definition of bad bitch has changed drastically over the years.
Nigga cant even feel up on a bitch in a pic without the girl u fuckin getting mad, smh Ok, I gotta cut this Carl Thomas album off b4 I call my ex say fuck u u ruthless bitch.
Really bitch ?
Smh Shes not a hoe cuz she had sex before bro, lol Shes not a hoe cuz shes not attainable to u bro.
U be entertaining these bitches lol The dating scene so wack out here dog shit super trash.
These hoes gon FIND a way to wear some spandex I tellya U famous niggas ruined the game by jacking up the price on the pussy.
Women all over America are overstating the value of pussy.
Young, attractive, successful, supportive, faithful man w his own everything..u think bringing solely pussy to the table is Jameis Winston is a nigger You cant be a hoe saying that another girls a hoe.
Your both hoes, it cancels each other out.
Money, clothes, hoes, and cars.
Saw some bitch texting and driving so I rolled down my window and hucked my beer at her.
Johnny fuckin patrol keeping t Yeah quit being a bitch about your back.
Pop a few Viagra and get your horny ass back to dominating holes o Yeah start me as your flex player next week.
Trick plays, catching passes, flipping the bird, smashing asses, should al bitch nigga lol What was that you tweeted?
I cant concentrate enough to read it over all your sadlooking boob and pussy pics.
men, prob money over the best pussy Listen twitter just because 161 assholes just followed some stupid cunt does not mean I want to.
Piss off with your fu Porn star is fancy talk for professional hoe.
Fuck bitches, get touchdowns.
if you can fuck my bitch , then she aint My Bitch when a bitch that once curved me now all up on my dick I do not have bitch tits Crazy girlfriends usually love you longer got the best pussy .
Loyal pussy is best pussy .
This bitch got a real life hippo as a pet I be in the pussy like I love hood bitches.
God help me lmaoooo this bitch is garbage at gta....
Been trash The gay Chris bosh jokes are getting old now Me fixing my car 10,000 The fade this hoe gone catch Pricless Explaining to a girl how u dont have hoes Porn ads be convincing af...click here and 30 bitches will appear in your bed you DAMN RIGHT ima click that shit nigga Lorde 17 with a Grammy bitches 14 with a std Best friend being a hoe yaaas hunty hoe it up slaaaayy
Youre whats wrong wit Broke hoes always wanna argue u aint ate all day were u get that energy from Not scared to pepper spray a bitch
Hand gently resting on fanny pack Any bitch who need a crowd to fight is clearly easily influenced weak minded most likely will commit suicide If a girl sit on your face, and your nose goes into her pussy, and she rides your nose like a bull, shes a keeper.
I love asking really hot, skinny bitches when theyre due.
She need a man, not no pussy boy.
Yall lucky DMX stopped makin music Id still be barking at these hoes foo These hoes lying and olivia will get to the bottom of it.
This bitch possessed by the thot demon.
FUCKING DEAD This height shit aint cute at all.
Yall some dumb hoes going out in public looking like Jack and the bean stalk.
It aint nuttin to cut that bitch off.
lol aye watch to mouth, you like when I mention you faggot scary told to come to her house to fight her and wont even open the door !!
Wtf scary ass hoe bitches love my laugh..lol Ill throw a cheeseburger at her bitch ass!
I dont splurge around no hoe no I dont shine in front of no bitch cus after she get off my dick I be like Find the front Good pussy comes with a smart ass mouth a crazy ass attitude Karahn jus called her future baby a lil shit bitch tell the world why dont you Who said you was cute byeeee mad bitch!
..sorry that ur bitch asses came into my house uninvited If you think Ive been an opinionated bitch lately just be glad Ive stayed quiet on 3 of the topics swirling around he karmas a bitch my nigga All these hoes just want some attention.
I walks in Country Kitchen Restaurant to order take out, this bitch come ask me Table For One?
You little hobbit diva bitch.
Yo hoe will get slayed....
lmfaooo bitch got pushed and played SLEEP.
dont no nigga want a broke bitch I cant handle no liquor, but these bitches cant handle me.
you the nigga in high school who got shoved into lockers and thrown into trash cans My bitch better lie to me, more than 5 bodies and I cant stomach it, ill fucking die A bitch will say anything for attention !
Fucking with a bad bitch you gone need some money lil homie!
I dont understand if all these hoes say they getting money why tf they on twitter with that childish shit!!
Bitch its 20 I finally realize that these bitches just wanna see me down , wanna see me fall I make bitches fly like peter pand tho I need a new bitch !
I need a real bitch !
I only fw grown hoes!
In 5 years these hoes aint gone be shit but a Dick head!
Jd told me Im to player to be with one bitch Lol got these hoes in they feelings !
Lol its funny tho cuz every hoe that talk shit I ....
NVm that shit aint player Lol that same bitch I was cool with was was down to sit me up in get me kill in get on twitter in talk about it.
Lowkey I put sum of these hoes on the map ...
So call me kingtunchi bitch !
Same Bitch that was down with lol theses Lil hoes funny Same bitches that diss me gone still be here to eat my Dick when they see that check Them same hoes that was fucking my Dick turn on me lol fuckem tho!
These bitches play both sides but get left in the middle!
You bitches aint a Dont tell your side bitch your family business thats none of their business.
Skinny girls pussy be good den a mf u dont feel nothing but pussy.
and you got bitches ina back seat I cant stand a stuck up bitch.
Always got a attitude for no reason.
I dont know who hurt yall but stay TF from round me Gemma you sure are a dirty bitch!
Ps4a big booty hoe with tig ol bitties Xbox onepancake booty hoe with pancake tits There is nothing wrong with Ariana Grande.....
Just cause she dont look like hoe....
Single ladies Vs Cuffed hoes A side bitch made this Dropping all these hoes.
Lol foreal yo RT Lmao, I fucks with real talk, them bitches know h ...
Lovee this bitch istg !!!
A fufu bitch cant do nun for me but break my heart or set me up ..
Most def when you let go of all your hoes for one girl but she end up bein a hoe too about to go out with all these hot bitches!
Her sends nudes Him calls homie aye, why this hoe send me this trash ass nude, yu Working out with the hoes Niggas wearing TOMS UGGS , bitches wearing JAYS TIMBS.
Lol, this aint what Usher meant when he said Trading Pla A MILF is a sexy ass mom over 35.
If youre 20, youre just a bitch with a baby I hate ghetto loud rude ugly bitches, Bitch you already ugly ...
why the fck you gotta to be loud too?
me as a good friend supports and encourages ur hoe activities These bitches act local n think global Kayci and I greet each other by saying hey cunt like it makes me lol
The only person okay with me cal hey cunt, I miss you too hey cunt, I miss you.
I dont play about the monkey, you have to earn this shit U can kill carl but not my nigga glenn whos gonna take care of my hoe maggie NASHVILLE Atlanta Houston has so many trash drivers I respect those niggas who respect their girls dont pay them hoes no attention .
Rich homie and bird man gone be at mansion lan tonight some niggas got fuckd up by the bouncers when i w Being loud, ghetto energetic arent offensive things to me.
I own who I am where I come from, nothing to be ashamed of This bitch ugly in person Ima bitch him out lol You cant be ugly AND a shitty fucking person.
Pick a struggle bitch.
1,2,3,4 how many niggers are in my store I kno your stealing , that vine still be having me weak You always say we dont love these hoes, yet yo girl a hoe...
This bitch is too real LOOOOOOL yaga !!!!
All Bow Wow hoes on the stage, lol bitches love body party but when its time to take da dick, the party canceled FALSE ADVERTISING ASS BITCHES Lmao yall single hoes stay pregnant okay now Im going to Krispy Kreme for realfat bitch this nigga trying finished the essay and the quiz bitchgood job bud proud of you tbh I didnt even mean to mock him but Stop being a little bitch and The first day of school Lost student say bro you know whe...
Me cho bitch ass up.
bitches love us lol Idk why your favoriting shit hoe.
Bye Have you bitches done your Kegals today?
So yams are ass or pussy?
Where my bitches from the itty bitty titty committe!!!????
Lol robbing aint the word Damn you was robbing them bitches Some bitches be forgetting Niggas can do slope intercept form equations but cant make scrambled fuckin eggs thats a lil backwards lol thats grwn man shit...nd bitches b loven it Nigga wanna bitch about a party yall know my address knock at my door if u dont want your heart broken then dont check for a nigga who entertains hoes Im about my commas bitch period These bitches so fucking stupid smh Ariana Grande built like a 13 year old Chinese boy, bitch shaped like an iPhone 3GS but niggas go crazy over her..
She no Bitches love posting them Goals pics showing a Range Rover, Mansion, and money everywhere, bitch you unemployed Bitches see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together and caption it Goals , bitch all they doing is going I had such a classic style of tweeting, trolls, dyke tweets, lists, etc, its crazy how many niggas tweet JUST LIKE ME now I remember I was having phone sex with a white bitch and she said her pussy tasted like salt and vinegar chips, aint tal If this nigga Kanye took Kim K to Wendys, this means yall regular hoes dont deserve them 200 dates Miley Cyrus pussy probably taste like wet dog, she has a negative ass, and the bitch looks like Justin Bieber, she so ove My girl told me she was on her period, I immediately power bombed her hoe ass Thats logic for a hoe If you single nobody can tell you what to do right?
You unhappy Scrappy?
Bitches say Im tacky daddy.
Range look like Laffy Taffy.
Instagram always be acting like a bitch bruh Will your bitches do this for you ?
Gtfo.
Dont marginalize me bitch.
Yeah we cant wrestle, might have to rock bottom you foreal Im a big bitch and proud lol let me live Hit the bitch nd forget the bitch, but i left my kids on her fuckin face damn cuh.
alu mohe my nigga just make sure you alu polosi ho nifo Ugly hoes love to fight lmao .
They aint got none to lose Give us our credit bitch..
That bitch had to pull my hair to win Lol so what do you tweet if you lose?
Be right when u wanna fuck a bad hoe too or a hoe u didnt really wanna fuck If I eat the pussy and it taste like mold, I stop.
If he tell u that u got some good pussy but he never try to hit again..
Jody was really a pussy tho.
He let some lil niggas jump him and take his bike.
Old head sonned him in front of his mama Lol Nigga like damn why would this bitch do this ?
I helped your family move and the dryer almost fell Long distance sex will definitely have u thinking u like a bitch a lil too much.
Nowadays if u have a threesome with these new generation bitches..
that one hoe gonna go tell everybody she fucked both Nigga fuck you u a bitch ass nigga.....
Dat aint sneak dissn u bitch made shit starter a sneak dis All the hoes know each other I forgive all u hoesgirls The top comeback for when you call a nigga ugly.
I still pull more hoes than you.
Yall hoes and yall plastic ass bodies maaaaan smh Shout out to my mama cause she aint raise no hoe lmfaooo, like is this bitch alanah serious ?
.same shit I said So nobody think Mimi was outta line for inviting Stevie J to the gay nicca v Id rather argue make up then fight break up , cause thirsty bitches love to see happy homes FUC Tacos over hoes.
im shitty but i promise u im better than that bitch Good pussy have a Nigga like funniest thing Ive ever seen on .Im a lil bitch Lmao damn this bitch so trash Lmao Niggas be trippin about they shoes in clubs tf u wear them hoes for nigga all my shoes club shoes !
U want a nigga to just spend all his hard earned money on u?
hoe go strip that solves that problem lol I color my entire arm black with a sharpie and fist my wifes asshole just so she knows what a nigger dick feels like.
I gave up calling my wife a nigger during sex for lent.
Fighting over a hoe is one of the lamest things you can do On Nigger Day we honor nigger traditions by not working.
So wake the bitch up!l Jack Bauer Searching for these hoes I got you aint the only one Bruh Bc her ass fat?
Khloe Kardashian is winning at life http Grow up, bitch.
I swear bitches fall over niggas who dont believe in combing their hair Ya beats trash nigga fuck who dont like!
Five things Ill never give a bitch
Ross pulling hoes When yall got the same baby mama and realize that bitch is the real enemy All I want for my birffday is a big booty hoe!!
Man of steel emotions of bitch.
We all know that one person that could say anything and you just look at them thinking youre retarded, stfu If ya friends always trynna get you to breakup wit ya nigga or do THOT shit wit them...Them bitches really aint ya friends!
bitch think she know everything ha.
Nothing good comes from having people who say faggot as an insult on your retweets the most random shit just cause a bad bitch tweeted it Amber rose is everything at the vmas.
Killen every bitch.
And Im that bitch who doesnt forget.
Im your bitch down for whatever So its rude to talk about fat bitches but its cool to talk about skinny bitches?!
Cus I know alot of thick hoes on the ver You keep your bitch ill stay on my grind.
She says whites are just evil albino black babies.
WTF?
This BITCH sounds retarded Write 16 bars about your side hoes and money so she knows its real.
Just got 11 in flappy bird holy shit lmao that bitch saw the camera looked up at the big screen n then realized when ya side hoe playing too much all you want is head I only eat gluton free pussy Lil B That nerdy fat bitch yes sir she fucked The BasedGod Lil B ultimate bitch mixtape is done!!!
Lil B Dats y I dont argue wit Dese bitches lol keep it brief trappa lls Still Texans nation hoe.
Go home bitch Bitches twerk to anything , rock , country..these bitches a twerk to gospel, to take me to the king lana uses the term bad bitch in a UV track.
bitch Ill end your fucking life.
You a fuckboy Pepsi cola Ladies what does your pussy taste like?
smh u got Ebola now RT I stick my foot out to feel some freshness and this bitch ass mosquito has the nerve to I love everybody ion hate these bitches both the babes .
love thse sexy bitches!!
I hate when a bitch says she dont care if her nigga broke and he got nothing going for himself..
acting like a fake Ri Getting all these checks like Nike Im icy and yo bitch like me dice soho Eating pussy is good....eating everybody pussy aint healthy furrybah in my PayPay voice The hoes are for EVERYBODY my nigga!
To Fez Your nipples couldnt be covered by two trash can lids.
Just let the world know u gonna be a Laker 2015 season dawg if your gfbf dont like or talk to that bitchnigga, YOU dont talk to that bitchnigga!
The only piece of ass youve ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper Racist white cops arresting blacks again.
Cant wait till black cops arrest whities then hear them bitch.
Seven grams in the blunt, almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt Quote this with a weezy verse Ur a lil bitch if you dont have your read receipt on you be smokin my dick bitch I dive in tha pussy like...
karmas a bitch, and so are you And I genuinely mean that.
Adam is a sexy bitch
Conceded ass
Jk ilusm Old bitches love having a garden...
1 We are not the Cubs 2 We are not the Pirates 3 We damn sure aint no fing Cardinals.
Who cares abo When youre a local in pc you cant love anybody because everybody turns into hoes on springbreak Bain wasnt no hoe ass nigga at all Cant none of them hoes swim they renamed that bitch the yacht club Do I fuck her or feed her?
I hate fat thick bitches I dont stand in line at clubs, the security come escort me in.
Yellow diamonds tell a bitch get over here, Scorpion.
Im not lickin that mini fro bitch Its the most annoying shit in the world when a bitch start talkin bout something then say nevermind Joe changed her life and went back to his old bitch ha..
she got them bitches worked o Killlees hoes when I feel like it bitch dont do this Bitch you a hoe...
check yo DMs Can I get a new follower?
I wish I had a flying nimbus so when I picked up hoes I could tell if they pure hearted.
Bitch a hoe she gon drop into bitch where you see a Katy or perry in that pic RT Katy Perry is so fit its all fun and games until I have to slap a bitch man bitch you then fucked up.
Ill burn yall house down again hoe .
Thats why bumble bee your real grandma hoe Man fuck flappy bird Baddest bitch didnt win Queen.
Fuck the mexicans.
yo bitch dont avoid me he wanna spoil me Cant be letting them messy hoes mess with yo business...
Yall save hoes, Id ratha save paper.
We dont like to be asked why were looking mean.
Its called Resting bitch face.
WE JUST LOOK THIS W You bitches are grade A weird.
Bdubs is packed with beaners you got hoes, I got niggas.
But let a ngga ask a chick to give him some money..
How yall hoes say it Thats how you make her stay or leave.
Stevie J playa of the yr tho He aint no player!He stands SOLID behind his bullshit and bitches respect that Suck yo momma flappy bird!!!!!!
Yall hoes super weakkkkkkkk When you aint had pussy in a hot minute...
OMM calm down bitch.
Touch my boobs ill it your dick off staple it to your forehead, since you wanna be a My timeline right now Ravens Ravens Ravens Commercial tweet Ravens Ravens Ravens Some bitch talkin ...
Dont no nigga want no broke ass bitch but its crazy how a bitch will do all she can to better a broke ass nigga That pussy is never yours its just your turn remember that .
When your side bitch tries to hug you in public niggas talk more than bitches these days...
get fucked you racist inbred hillbilly fuck Iggys sextape is prolly gon be trash.
The nigga she made it with is ugly.
Thats her fault for not asking before she sent her number tho dumb bitch bitch, bye Dawg look at this shit Big booty sour face ,no hair ,or she a hoe.
I cant fuck with sentimental bitches.
be a girl with a mind, a princess with class, a bitch that doesnt give a fuck.
Dont be a bitch dude easiest way to get your bro to do something.
Friendship lasts 2 months
Bros Sup pussy?
Friendship lasts forever Lawd!!!
Twitter will humble the fuck out of a hoe so quick I only wear weave because I like it !!
A bitch got hair Plot twist it takes a lot to cut that bitch off After a long day at work, bitch wunna rest her feet on me lol As a fat nigga, I aint ever gotten a broad off anything but the content of my character...
Dont no bitches think im sex pussy corny sex being having you wanna kill that bitch right then there im just a average nigguh who chasin his money dreams while tryin stay out of trouble Ima beat with pussy up like Ray Rice.
bum ass bitch u look like a hype Thot ass u a hot ready dirty ho dats how u drop it dum ho ask about me b4 yu jump on my dick ho or reed about me yu cluck ass Thot Bitches gone do wat bitches do...
Errday I take chances real street nigga shit take chances by fuckin wit u nothin ass hoes sumtime lol...
I aint chasin no hoes I got asthma lol...
Ion feel dese nihhas or bitches...
Rip blood money shoryy was a rider blew dat 50 at shy glizzy bitch ass in his own city yea yea...
This bitch must b from Jojo world Why bitches brag about being crazy like thats cute?
Thats like a nigga bragging about how abusive he is Pik taken by Biebz!
Shout out my nig Jereme Rogers Who do bitches take me for?
typical coon activity If you only star tweets in hopes that you will magically get pussy...good luck and keep it up.
bitch bye The Mona Lisa couldve been a bad bitch hippie dressed Tumblr bitches Smoke a blunt and all of a sudden theyre the most abstract thinkers of Had to charge my ipod.
Fuck the redskins.
Holy fucking shit.
Why is a game against a third string qb redskins team so gut wrenching Is everyone on the redskins lathered in oil?
What the fuck?
That fucking San Francisco game man.
Wish that trash ass garbage team never won.
I pray that they meet in the fucking Call my son nigger even respectable white ppl will be uncomfortable w you.
Call him thugyou probably can get off w That bitch cut me off.
Lmfaooooooooooo Juan likes black girls monday wednesday, spanish girls thursday friday, white bitches on the weekend tbb why do bitches hate on another bitch relationship after bitches get da dick they be dickmatized!
oml i never questioned my nigga ab another bitch if the nigga ever said some shit like that!
that nigga lied.
Good pussy takes your mind off the struggles and stresses of everyday life Its a lot easier to let go of a girl if you find out shes been giving the pussy out like goodie bags at a birthday bash.
but you know, bitches aint really what they clai the weeknds fans are all the same person to me.
half hoeA quarter gothic a quarter hipster Thats what I call the bitch and block!
If you fuck with someone stay and fight!
She hit t The only thing that cunt talked about was me crying about the traffic jam.
Read your Shit to me Bitch!
She got the body of a faggot .
Let me make this clear I dont need no fucking body!
This nigguh!
Kicked the soul outta dis bitch If you love her hide your bitch so you keep shorty These hoes aint loyal and if you aint a ho, get up out my trap house Project hoes When Bitches Get That Income Tax They Do Shit Like This I aint got no problem chicks goin on vacay to the states to be hoes.
Just declare ya AIDS at the border when ya come back CHILL!!!!
Tweet you dont like bitches wit short hair ya mentions gon be full of this you a pussy I see yo whiskers!
Females always complaining about some shit niggas aint doing right ....like bitches dont have flaws Anyone and everyone can have my ex.
Fuck that hoe.
Lmaoooo When you break up with your bf and you gotta pull out your old hoe moves like Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean yall happy, having a title d That guy who youre so into and who is constantly an asshole to you doesnt give a damn about you beyond ur pussy Dyke bitches walk around proud with their pregnant girlfriend like they got her pregnant Eating pussy is dangerous bitches be trying to snap your fucking neck I need a ride or die bitch!
I would never be with someone thats afraid to tell niggas and bitches were together.
I look like a secret?
Fuck outta h u look like an all black persian rug.
Exes swear they can do better, then you see their next bitch .....
Gay girls really do get more pussy than niggas a nigga gone be a nigga im sorry, a hoe gone be a hoe regardless .
Kanye was like...
If ANY of you bitches even THINK about attacking me in the elevator
Unt really fucking suck this year...
Smh how did they get right back to trash in one season BPG bitch Iggy got a fat ass but other than the bitch look like a flounder fish Hazel e looks like a bird...
Her and kaep prolly related by nose and shit thats why Berg wont ever make her DAT BIT Free pancake day at ihop....side bitches finna finally get a date out a nigga When a bitch start looking at bae Kik me ass hoes Got an iPhone but its off ass bitches Lifes a bitch.
Youve got to go out and kick ass.
when a nigga dont care if you leave its cause he gotta another bitch he was tired of creeping w anyway !
cant no bitch tell me a nigga NOT mines until she ready to tell me how tf he hers .
its levels to this shit !
u dumb nigger You dont love her if you keep a couple other hoes on the side dude last day, fuck it walk out that bitch Whats going down pussies?
If you dont cat tweets, youre just a big pussy Cant treat these hoes like ladies man...
Knew a bad bitch but she was kinda slow I heard Love Dont Love You by En Vogue at work lastnight ..
Shit groovy as a bitch ..
FORD, just a fancy name for a fag mobile I do not love these hoes You local ass bitch trash talked by many .
guess how many fucks i give , its less than one .
Id rather be from a rancho then live in ghetto ass urban areas with niggers and nigger impersonators.
Adopting ni start crying and stalking him faggot.
I want to laff not gonna happen the coward nigger gets lit up.
PAC has to sign to TMT but why di Lmaooo The Cleveland G00n sent DRose to hell last night in his own home and this faggot disappeared Omg October is gonna be the best month ever
Basic bitch Luv n hip hop checks drying up bitches turning to insurance scams!
If you dont see the connection between legitimizing the queer lifestyle, and an increase in STDs and sexual deviancy yo ...
Nobody tells these swagfags anything abo I got 11 nuggets this time bitch.
I told u bout doing that Some niggaz will say and PAY anything to get the pussy.
Some bitches in baltimore be ratchetttttt .
Overtime bitches.
I want someone I can call my own without another bitch staking claim on him simultaneously.
Got this bitch at work mad with me bc her ex BITCH on my dick tragedy smh Niggas dont know you but will throw dirt on your name for the pussy you h Every bad bitch comes with mood swings You suppose to keep your hoes from finding out about each other Liam Gallagher came to see me perform tonight.
He said I was a mental cunt.
Thats fucking amazing.
Ctfu, niggas only call you a bitch when you speaking the truth about em or they dont get they way OMG Hahaha best thing you will watch today.
Milan Lucic is a crybaby bitch goon.
F him and F the Bruins Look at all those fake ass fuck boy ass desperate for a ring ass trash ass fake ass fans out there .
Tori better watchout from her hoes..shes gonna get caught up I have to pretend like Im a cold hearted bitch and cut you off in an instant without a second thought, when actually I Call da po po hoe.
you aint gon take a pic tho not scared to Im in a Japanese steakhouse tho bitch was walking quick The world wouldnt be as fun if hoes didnt exist.
I fuck hoes and make songs bout the shit.
I rob niggas for they work and dont feel wrong bout the shit.
hoodie is a little bitch, when was the last time you heard about hoodies team mike put all hi No bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie All I see over Instagram Alice Texas hoes.
Lol my wall of trust is so thick now.
If Im the biggest bitch youve ever met.
Youll know why Welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, can I fuck your bitch?
We put a redneck in the White House its gonna be the camo house.
Ever leave me around your bitch Imma get her stoned.
Pointless Bitches In The Club Smfh A bitch a get chalked b4 I catch feelings Damn hoes askin niggas do I smoke....
No bitch u not getting smoked out tonight If I did smoke I would not be smokin hoes out...
Less they gettin fucked on If yo hoe choose..
Let her choose fuck her friend or her momma Twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussysold pussy on backpage 50 rts Ill take the mic say fuck her right in the pussy You got niggas and I got bitches.
youre a fucking pussy.
And no this isnt a joke you girly little bitch.
Slowly moving down the list in bs and hoes ....
I already know Nolan and Lamar stock is rising lol Basic bitch starter pack cranberry juice niggah ...
Youll piss it out was turnt af last night but shut that bitch down wit frfr Dumb bitch if u aint making music for me to sip Henny to u a bitch so Maco winnin if he from a island no f In conclusion, Lois Lerner is a giant bitch.
cc Rosemary Lehmberg Ill show you how to chug a beer, motherfker!
You a pussy bitch and I kick your ass in gta, but youre chill as fuck and we need that 1v1 in basketball again Happy birthday bitch Wipe the cum out of them faggot Contact lens is wildin cant see shit Ready to slay these bitches and im not even half way thew my soak
This bitch is awesome this Yes, the bird tweets in the morning are lovely but remember, what youre hearing is BIRD COCK HERE!
GET SOME ROCK HARD BIRD this dumb bitch said....No matter what a man says the only way hell truly respect you is if u hold out sex I Cant Wait Till U Ya Boyfriend Break Up, That nigga act Like he own the pussy But its some bad bitches on backpage ...
You might find one of yo followers on there too Some of yall hoes so worried about yall eyebrows yall forgot yall had a mustache LMAO Fam It aint nothin to cut that bitch off
pedestrian check show me your freedom papers you darkies.
Monday, whats up you ugly bitch?
hearing a bitch tell a story and all u can think is lie lie lie rt if ur a sassy ass bitch Coming soon on a bitch nigga!!!!!
10.28 When dykes hear ladies free before 10 This bitch is fucking insane.
I been getting money I aint worried bout a ho, No matter the occasion Ima always get the dough to ChrisBrown for beating up another bitch This tall goofy bitch just walked in the club, sit your Britney Griner lookin ass down Happy birthday freshman faggots real lil...bitch you short as fuck he has a date, hoe.
shout out to the faggots who took a million and one selfies on my phone.
Got 99 cookies because a bitch ate one.
Time to go to the studio and make really good music so I can act like I dont know the bitches that flexed on me since This really how bitches be to..
fix the fucking snipers you retarded piece of shit.
Fucking overpowered as fuck.
If you snipe, youre a fucking faggot.
I fucking hope all of you snipers get fucking raped and suffer from cancer.
Fucking stop playing like pussies.
If a nigga talkin shit about me an you around sittin there quiet yous a fuckin bitch an I dont fucks with you real wr This hoe ass ref got hit and fined the fighters sucha hoe When I see a girl wit her nigga, I be like bitch bet I can snatch from you but I aint even gone do it.
I got sum bad bitches up ma sleeve boi lol Magician ass nigga lmao She threw me that pussy bt i neva caught it gay I fuck with all yaw.
Yaw all my nigs I googled her number and found she was a hoe I hate when bitches say That aint cute lol did I say I was trynna be cute Only ugly girls can fight.
Pretty bitches have no hands lol Yo niggas would fuck with you broke or not if they really yo niggas.
You a bitch if you only fuck with yo niggs when they g I havent had sex in forever ...
defends 45 people when I call them cunts Fvck friends fvck hoes This Sam guy is a fucking pussy.
How ghetto girls start their fights If u say u r hashtag lying and r probably unhappy w ur life fake bitches lolz like if youre a bitch, own it and be a bitch.
you can stop with the friendly reminders bitch.
When Kendrick Lamar said I call a bitch a bitch, a hoe a hoe, a woman a woman.
He was pre If youre a hoe, dont expect princess treatment...
Woah did this bitch say love?
I dont fuck wit fake hoes all I touch is JLos ooooo give this one to the hot pocket hoe Good pussy Is like a drug The Power Thrust really in that hoe omg Insecurities are such a bitch.
I already know you trash if being tatted is on the list of things you want in a nigga..
Bastino is my niggah Its annoying when ppl follow to unfollow..
Like bitch I was trying to be considerate Dont be a faggot, cover your mouth when you fkn cough or sneeze, I got a immune system to keep strong asshole Wyd hoe bucket heyyy Still wishin all of my old hoes the best Ayo take this pic for me fam
You think the bitches gon fuck with this pic?
LMA make sure her titties out Bouta take a pic of her laying on me like the side bitches do Just swing Thats why I fucked yo bitch.
I mean...what can you say back to that?
I text bitches at 1112 .....
Make they wish come true Look at u now u pregnant stupid bitch lol So tired of Yall hoes giving a shout out to yall Moma talking bout she aint raise no hoe I gota hand fulla brothers Trek gang bitch we hustle I love pussy Bitch youre retarded Men that cook should wear panties too hoes be mad at you cause your nigga wanted you over her Who got time to be having dem hoes!?
Thats aint wassup no more I envy bitches with long, full eyelashes Bitches be swearing they pussy soooo good nonsense How to get bitches I got no interest in tall skinny model bitches!
I like my women with some ass hips ...
That shit could break you down if you lose a good girl I guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up you already know they go to fed for me ah bitch be ready to walk out the door I didnt sell my pussy for 65.....it was 80!!!
All that weave turning you bitches into horses These bitches crazzzyyyyyy maaannnnn Everybody fckn everybody bitch everybody with the shit, thats life Now when a bitch try to suck the strap thats when she getting kicked out Kim K a hoe, because she fucked 4 dudes we see on TV?
Some of you hoes have fucked 40 dudes that dont even got a TV ...
Either bitches fake gay or fake happy Vin Scully once called me a camel jockey.
Eat that pussy from the back and slide two fingers in...
If that pussy good, umma moan when um eating it.
Kobe calls Dwight Howard a bitch ass nigga
fake eyelashes are okay if they look natural, but some of you bitches look like you gonna take flight if you blink too fa Foh lmao 60 but Im hella skinny so bitches dont like me Most of these niggas go broke for these hoes !!
Check ya bitch Let me tell u funky bitches bout a pimp name c.
I aint payin for no pussy and my dick aint free my bitch stfu game strong asf Denial is a bitch I just dont see the point in permanently ruining the chance of hitting the pussy again just for laughs, giggles, and RTs Its always the singles hoes who claim they aint talking or fucking nobody who mysteriously pop up pregnant Man I would be happy as a fat bitch in Chipotle if Atlanta get Clowneybut its gone cost to go get him and Ill be happy w So damn sick of that damn lie smfhSkinny girls look like iphones when they jeans come off bitch stop lying!!
Twitter was fye when niggas used to go in on Trending Topicsnow its just recycled tweets and hoes screaming they want loy Lol Rahshauna has hoes I got some lightskin pussy one time and the bitch damn near had me bout to propose.
had some I had to immediately Ill break a Bitch down, like the pussy she is.
Waka gone kill dat hoe lol If you going to fuck on camera at least be a freak not a boring 45 year ol lady.
Granny porn?
these bitches be sending shots but be missing me ian been d yet you cant be dissing me!
Like a pizza!
Get stirring in that pussy like a feature bitch mcconnell has been a 30year parasite and we can not afford him any longer.
, Vote All the money in the world couldnt get you a real bitch.
Hate when bitches be havin that big gap in they boobs shit look ooberly childish No thanx, Im on a diet RT I love salad RT Anyway fuck you hoes, eat a salad.
i got hoes i got hella hoes Hahahaha When her pussy better than you expected it to be I cannot be worried bout no bitch.
How ghetto girls pronounce there names...
I could cry right now oh my god City bitches Treat good girls like a queen and treat hoes like garbage If my son ever turn out gay ima have to get his mom and let this nigga know what a pussy feel like My dick is called Abusive Cat Owner because it always beats the pussy up.
My dick is called Batman because bitches love it when my Dark Knight rises.
My dick is called Cute Relationship because its what all bitches really want.
My dick is called Eggo because bitches never wanna leggo my Eggo.
My dick is called Eggo because bitches never want to leggo my Eggo.
My dick is called Taco Bell because bitches love it in their mouths but hate it in their ass.
My dick is called Nintendo Cartridge because bitches blow it before they stick it in.
My dick is called Offensive Joke because some bitches get hurt when it goes too far.
After ya girl walks in ya crib and has hoes for ya niggas.
You hoes need to stop dressing yall kids as Migos and Rappers that yall fucked.
Lil nigga just wanted to be a power ran Bitches be 14, 15 acting 21 Throwing the pussy like they 32 Turning up like they 25 But cant pass algebra 1?
boats and hoes.
Only if that bitch silk...
Shout out to the bitches thinking their boyfriend is loyal because every time you check their phone it says 0 inbox, ...
Two bad bitches giving me head at the same dam time......
LOL aww bitch u been addicted to this for 2 years lmaoo WHO IS SHE?
Ill fight her bestie Then this bitch in my class wanna copy my homework off blackboard disc When a bitch comment on my nigga pic like u so fine I em thirst buckets back and be like thanks only bitch round here is the one Im tweetn We all need to be aware....thats there is ALOT more going on in this world than yall flagrant asses care to know abo U bitches could neva get him to buy all dem snacks.
Fuk wit me Heres how your suggestion plays out
Racist ha, those niggers stopped callin each other nigga
The end Stop gassing up these regular ass bitches Wow the stupid nigger in LeBron really came out there Almost forgot.
Posing as an old brawd wont get you pussy, needle dick.
kill whitey gave themselves, when the bakers took pay cuts that killed the Twinkie.
Tell the fucking truth for once These fine bitches are prolly poopin and flat ironing they hair to no flex zone right now...
I remember playing the Halo 4 episodes with .
The pussy finished all chapters without me.
Fuck him.
Fuck a nigga and a bitch If a bitch say im ugly she a hating,mad, jealous bitch I want a blunt, pizza and pussy niggas talk more than bitches these days.
Fuck that cock sucker hulk hogan put him in camel clutch fuck his ass make him humble Phat pussy is the best pussy Some bitches be praying for the day you leave your nigga...
So jus dont be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing lmao he busted a bitch n rolled stop sign hahahaha I give a shoutout to these bitches bc they hustlas too Bitch u boutta drown tryna be a hoe twitpic a NO bra selfie showing nipples Do dykes date other dykes or is that shit gay to yall?
I love my sperm cells too much to waste it on a bitch with no hair I stopped caring about mcm when I noticed dykes where getting chose before me Thank You Rangers for taking out the diving pussy I love it !!
so hes retarded and gay..
Grab ya hoodies Cause its freezing hoe, freezing hoe Any chick that gets In a fight after the age 24 is a hoe For every bad bitch there is a nigga who treats them like shit yet they stay.....
Soon as your girl see niggas pouring champagne on bitches ass she should want to leave You automatically a hoe if somebody calls you one.
Since you couldnt keep my dick outa your mouth at least keep my name out of it.
Yall some hoes for real.
I can tweet about eating some pussy but the moment a woman tweets about sucking dick.
She a hoe, slut, o wet pussy is the best pussy Twitter gives bitches unrealistic views of what a relationship is gonna be.
This nigga aint comin to WHAT THE FUCK Killed two birds with one stone Yall niggas aint low tho.
Yall really be comin at these bitches on here then when they curve u, u act like u was playing Or feet Yea I got big hands lol im a big bitch 510 lol im not gon have small hands I wish my parents bought me a car man..
People bitch about not getting what car they want when they want it, and its free Guys who tweet shit to get a bunch of favorites are on the same level as hoes If Yoda had a pussy.
Thats what I look like in the morning.
Kansas bitch Look at all the chicks follow and tell me he aint got hoes.
RT I just wanna state for the record that I dont have any hoes.
Tat my fucking name on you let em know you love the boy wassup.
I wonder how many bitches made a mistake that year.
When the nigga with the aux cord playin some trash shit...
She has cancer is still killing half you hoes jus cuz you have cancer dont mea Customers at like you make the prices...
Like no bitch I dont A lot of bitches like to gamble, but not with money.
FACTS RT Your pussy not that good if 10 niggas had it but none of them are still with u If you know yo pussy smells like death why tf would you sit there an let a nigga finger you?
Bitches have no shame man.
Men suppose to accept that they girl look like a piece of shit with no makeup but a ugly nigga can get a look?
Lol ok bitch Some hoes look better without they Avi enlarged...
Why aint no single Fathers getting wished a Happy Mothers Day like yall do these bitches on Fathers Day?
Everybody Loves Dej Loaf cause thats wifey fuck off kaya dats my bitch.
Whats good bitch Chicks wait til their hair is all broken down to go natural in their 30s, but bitch about the young Carters fro from birth Bad bitches is the only thing that i like comes home late
Bae Was her pussy good
Bae oh never mind bitch dont nobody care aye bitch Just annouced to my hoes who Im drafting first round for cuffing season Original bad bitch When you go through her phone and find out she a hoe Yall we use to have to take pictures on real cameras and upload them hoes through the computer.
Wow If a bitch talks shit to me Im gonna lick my thumb and swipe her eyebrows off If you get offended by tweets youre a bitch That bitch is dirty The only girls that care about being a guys WCW are hoes When a bitch says youre broke Yall fat bitches with small titties look like Teddy Grahams.
Tired of little bitches messing with your plants?
Get your own Gangster Gladys If you claim Macklemore is your favorite rapper Im also assuming you watch the WNBA on your free time faggot Mimi so proud to be a hoe When you make a beat with a pencil in class and the teacher says keep making that trash ass beat and Ill fail you ht Bend ha over pull ha hair eat her pussy lick her ass I honestly hate women who bitch complain about a nigga playing video games when he still makes time for yall...them Females say have a seat faggot they feel like they put a bullet in yo head Only way I want a female to cover up if I like her the rest of you hoes I want to see half naked pics on the TL You can be a good girl all you want and those hoes still gonna get us niggas attention from time to time just knowing U can still go out and bag some bitches is good enough for me....
The headace that comes with bagging summ BITCH you scared to let it off , yo daddy wasnt no DAWG.
yo mama had more heart than ya daddy bitch ass.
Somebody tell these broke bitches , stay in they place stand?
Happy birthday faggot!
Protestors rally to support teen facing life sentence in pot brownie case smh not for a brownie Bad bitch, HTown, keep it trill yall know yall cant fuck aroundddd When the lazy eye bitch was tryna put up a front with me Girls who vape only faggots say some pussy shit like that I swear.
I aint never had a basic bitch..
Never will I have no hoes Mary had a juicy clam, Was always good to go Little touch of boated man And she began to flow
All the flat booty bitches asleep yet or Nah?
Nope we outchea Just smashed a bottle over buzz head because hes a cunt When you drop all your hoes for one person and yall dont end up together serenading your bitch These hoes getting dressed up as hoes for Halloween, just to do what they always do every other night.
Stick to hockey faggot.
Youre finished Girlfriend FaSho pussy..
Ho Some mo pussy..
Dont lose your FaSho pussy, tryna get Some mo pussy, end up with NO P Sometimes females are just fucking retarded bro.
I swear I just want to kick yall in the ovaries.
This dyke is grabbing a handful of imagination Any song with Tyga in it is trash Eddy Murphy,the first celebrity to be spotted in public with a Durag AND a White bitch.
Monumental h Hoes love exposing other hoes on twitter I bet its higher than that Why do you think all women are hoes?
Not all of us are hoes.
Lmao you gotta chill You bitches still fat The club Promoter tweet fucked another niggas bitch last night.
THAT W When you sit down and realize you really dont got bitches YG threw a pool party and wore pants with chucks.
His sole purpose of throwing that party was to fuck bitches out there Your girls hoe friends gonna gas her to cheat on you.
A tall nigga with abs start stroking on her in the club they Dont lie to me bitch Im giving you my heart Two hoes arguing bout who fucking who for x amount of money lol what After u finger an asian bitch Omg you own a microwave!?
After these shows yall bitches imitate n wonder u I say d things I say idk who gave that bitch my name idk who gave that bitch my name or number Anti Captain Sav the last bitch I fucked was a mixed breed bitch we RMP fuck who dont like I dont like Black pussy remind me of roast beef, white pussy remind me of cheesecake and Mixed girl pussy remind me of Apple Pie..
Had to block his bitch ass I wonder if mfers gon be mad I took they bitch Im just saying at one point in my life Deonte took and cuffed my bitch a year later I fucked his Wish I could get drunk tonight..
But my hoe ass drinkin buddy sick and the other one left Yeah he a bitch And he still wont get no bitches Wow wtf If I got 50 and my girl got 0 then I still got 50 cause that bitch should have a job.
Some of yall bitches cant even grow this on yo damn head god damn thats one manly bitch.
me Lol niggas only act nice when they think pussy is the reward.
Steve found out you cant call Taiquaniesha a stupid fuckin cunt like you can w Becky When bae fights your side hoe wins I love my girlfriend she be shitting on yall hoes.
Only in are fans going to bitch about a blow out win this week.
I feel like mean girls are the only really really loyal ones.
Lemme find me a bitch that hurt my feelings lol aye at least that bitch hot boxed lmao Dont talk behind my back I hate that pussy shit I fucked your bitch a hunned times , what the fuck your bitch got on her mind?
My fuckin dick..
Iggy Azalea that bitch Tell these hoes that they gotta glo up one day.
these judges are fuckin retarded ......RosesAre red Violets are blue..
You aint gonna know when yo bitch tops The Crew you have a girlfriend, stop asking these hoes to be your bestfriend.
you can be skinny and still be ugly stop acting like being thin is beautiful dumb bitch .
Good day with these 2 bitches With ma bitch c Joan Rivers said I was gay and Michelle was a tranny.
See Clintons and Ron BrownVin Just gotta remind bae you got no hoes If I was a top tier MC I would publicly announce that the point of my tour is to have sex wthe baddest bitches of each cit The face you make when you see a hoe trying to preach on twitter Cheers to you, you stupid bitch.
Lightskin bitches crying they aint got no valentine.
Bitch maybe you shouldve read some of them 400 unreads msgs.
Yo WTF did this bitch do?
bitch you guessed it Thats why youre so good at this game.
Cause u sit on your unemployed nigger ass playing all day.
As good as the pussy is, Im supposed to pull OUT when I bust?
Nigga please.
Lmaoooo fam I stabbed a person once in COD ghost and he said I stab like a nigger Nigga.
I fucked your bitch cause she gave me a boner, she went down twice like Adrien Broner...
U might be a faggot if u pull outta the pussy to bust bro.
Hoes be getting loose then move to other cities once everybody finds out they a hoe lol.
Most relationships end because bitches wanna take advice from their lonely ass single friends!
ESJ got some ugly hoes yeah, and them Leon G.
99.9 of em fugly.
I make the pussy cringe if bitches are thirsty but you Hungarian I swear that bitch....
but I love her attitude bruh..
That hoe Brittish got the fuckin NERVE That hoe aint shit This hoe swear to God that boy fuckin everybody..
Im a joke having hoes aint shit, Im just looking for the first girl I loved when Im in these bitches.
Thats Having hoes fun till you lose that girl that you really wanted over them hoes ..
I feel like no matter how much of a hoe she is if the right nigga put her in her place she gone change .
safe food handling bitch...if you dont flee from me with th Amen.
Overall bitches, do better and stop being so stupid cause yall hoes are stupider than ya realize.
Bitches love hand prints on their ass.
Got a bad ass bitch just bouncing on my dick!
No one told me The Military is the worst place to be a bitch trying to get all emotional ontop babe we cant date if youre going to be a little bitch about everything Today the day bitches lets turn tf up !
ion like him he annoying I thincc he knows I dont too
That nigga a supa fag on Dave Its been fuck bitches but a Queen can get my time please bitch, im a BELIEBER 3 big booty bitches , big booty bitches The way Tricksnipers act is just ugh.
89 of them are Chief Keef, Soulja Boy niggers.
Absolute sewage waste And ima keep fuckn like I love this bitch bitch Fuck michelle obama.
That monkey doesnt belong in the white house Fuck tranny porn.
Hermaphrodite porn is where its at.
Im back, bitches!!!
dies This bitch about to get dragged LMFAOO omg if you think twitter should change the bird logo to a badass bald eagle The sound of wet pussy Every zoo is a petting zoo, if youre not a pussy.
When hoes talk shit about other hoes...
Little niggas love making their girlfriends look stupid, entertaining other bitches and so on, a real nigga would never I got bitches
Definition Im with some female friends who dont know that Im referring to them as bitches.
Ctfu hell yea yo bitch ever got out?
the timeline boring because all the hoes out right now probably getting fucked or planning too every time bobby bitch comes on hide ur bitches or else mmy nigga flavio said deuces hoe no sex bitch i only want the decks bitch yugioh pussy boy dont want war tyga used to be good before he got into this swag fag shit ya pussy stank Yes Mimi bitch yo dumb ass got played Undercover hoes I never met a faithfull bitch Theres a different between a slut and a bitch...
A slut will sleep with anyone.
A bitch will sleep with anyone...
But y I really hate attention seeking hoes.
Hope they all die You a hoe if you give your number to another nigga while you got a man yall be dick riding and praising these hoes thats why half of Miami feel like they celebs off this social media shit You hoes wanna tweet and talk about equality then hope solo better never see her family again,and go to prison and never Fuck the skinny bitches in the club!
they are both bitches.
The Holy Trinity I hate bitches who be laughing with they teeth.
That shit is scary as fuck to witness.
Like cover your mouth hoe.
My monday bitch keep her ass up and face down My tuesday bitch man I aint even hit it yet just finger pop her pussy just to sit and get the kitty wet Im a pimp tho no limp hoe The fact that all yall hoes gettin pregnant wit no ring on ya finger Im a tramp, ho, AND a slut.
When they run out of dick inside the pussy.
How do straight dudes know if their dick is small??
If you open a beer and dont finish it you are what is known as a little bitch had to help my Gma move bitch!
Honey pot Harf is the state dept version of pussy Paltrow Maury 65 years old and still exposing hoes..
These hoes be acting up..
New Years Eve bitches be like ...
Someone who claims theyre a bad bitch shouldnt get offended so easily.
How i eat the pussy these hoes aint loyal bitch Sav is a fag Eddy and teezy get no pussy so I dont know why they always talking about that shit.
Theyve never taken anyones girl eit SO yo bitch Dont trust hoes they aint loyal !
LOL favorite line tho You say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant.
Eating pussy ...
Food and sex go hand n hand.
Going as Candace for Halloween lmao ugly bitch It goes from baby to hoe, I love you to Fuck you I hate you, I need you to Fuck off from Youre my eve My main bitch my side bitch mad me i could by give 2 fucks UnHoe these bitches Rickie Shitstache the rest of these pussies better enjoy this back injury.
2015 will be nothing but birdie putts and Cleary dark skinned niggas fuck better than light skinned niggas...
The proofs in the bitch face These hoes getting pregnant just to put some shit like ShaqualidaeMommy, BarackeishaMommy in they IG Bio LMFAO WTF Niggas on here really retarded Im tf out!!
The fact that hoes feel welcomed reflects on how he acts behi Fat bitches are rapist These bitches marrying niggas who got life sentences in jail stupid Lmao these niggas act like lil bitches Move dat muscle hoe Tell me watchu mad foe im so fucking done with i fucking hate you guys and your insurance policy is trash and omg square the fuck up Get these trash ass niggas outta my stadium!!!
stop following bad bitches and ya wont get spammed Green azz niggas!!!!
yall new bitches condone dat sucka activity dat why they keep doin it!!!
tf I look like holding a grudge and being a lil bitch.
Shit happens.
You go back and forth with a girl, youre a bitch you let her disrespect, youre a bitch LOL Them bitches prolly had to pay Beyonc 100 million to perform 5 minutes Follow this fag its his birthday today This white boy reached 999 in flappy bird, im so done with life...
Hahahaha he missed the shit out that hoe!!!!!!!!!!
Texans After sex a bitch be like so what are we?
And you like probably parents cause I aint pull out I go to take the trash out and a darkskin nigga stole my damn garbage Theyre YOUNG LADIES you got hoes cuff her crazy boy you might not ever find another especial not these dirty crew fucking party hoes out here fr mane on some 100 shit cuff her if she made you that happy in one night cause these hoes for everybody fr Niggaz talk more than bitches these days..
I follow all of these retards on Twitter because theyre all a bunch of morons I need g ...
Everybody got at one bitch on dey insta TL who got a baby it gets NO likes...
Yall fucked up !
lmao t Side bitch or main bitch you still aint the ONLY bitch.
I love how sweet girls have sweet pussies Good pussy will change your life.
somewhere between i need therapy and bitch, im fine Eat it with milk She gotta shape up her pussy lips tho Whole wheat organic pussy i got bitches an i know some killlllllas fuck yall this bitch is no help at all lmao that hashtag had me dying princess hoe needs to get a Twitter lol Fucked all of tyga bitches 6God Females be 14 acting 18 .
Turning up like they 21 .
Throwing the pussy like they 25 ...
But still cant pass Alg Fuck you bitch Im actin brand new If you can stick one finger in your pussy and feel all 4 walls .
Your still tight To my EX that bitch can have you.
You bitches waste no time It ain nun to cut dat bitch awf
the hoes loved it...
these hoes swear boy I feel sorry for da females that dont get what they deserve, while these hoe bitches get treated like queens You unfollowed me first bitch Stop being such a bitch Me Lonely twitter bitches be like
All my bitches attractive yea m8, fire crotch igniting your sisters pussy since 06 Somebody get my nigga.
some pussy cuz this nigga dont get no ass so imma need one of my hoes to slide in my nigga Niggas fight in the NBA and theyre called ghetto dont know how to act but theres a brawl in NASCAR and nobody sa never trust a bitch who has a fresh copy of master p album Im scared to lose you, cause I know you get bitches.
All you hoes is still gon be hoes tomorrow.
And too short to fuck boring hoes lifes too short to wear boring clothes How bitch how?
I just touchdown on pussy nigga!
After the age of 21 its about credit scores, future plans and creating assets.
Not cars, clothes, niggasbitches, clubs, When you accidentally say About a week ago bitch u just wanted to show Ya ass smh Iont got no typebad bitches is the only thing that I like Gave that bitch some chocolate, bitches love chocolate.
Forrest Gump Woah did this bitch say love?
Dat ghetto shit aint attractive Im to the point where Ill take a manual and not bitch about it.
Like close your legs OR just be about that life No That really happens ?
who doesnt like it when a random bad bitch hits you up just to s I dont respect nun about a bitch cause idgaf bout des hoes I love a bitch wit sum nice teeth n lips my bitch Females will mess with a guy who has a girlfriend but wont mess with a single guy cause he has too many hoes stupid bitches cant handle the johns I deadass took this after i ate a darkskin bitch pussy the other day I hate taking a shit at public places bc i feel like a faggot when im placing the toilet paper on the toilet seat Math is fucking useless....
algebra 2 not gon help me pull bitches the fuck....
Mayweather a lil bitch this nigga out here dancing Most of yall females boring as fuck then yall wonder why niggas only talk about havin sex bc theres nothin else to talk abo Porn, the only place where a bitch gon be under the table sucking a niggas dick while he eating dinner with his parents.
yall so quick to say people worship celebrities.
bitch, i love beyonc, her talent, her legacy and what she stands for Thanks Ravens 4 beating those fags.
Now believe I dont give a fuck about you.
Im Raider Nation bitches.
New to the game but as I understand it, the first rule of soccer is whichever team acts more like a bitch shall be awarde trash at its finest Ladies if you post a picture and dont get at least 15 niggas to favorite it then you t 0 Love for these hoes US Army removes negro as official reference to black people after public outrage Toss em out of office?
Too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
Quotable If my man aint appreciating me this pussy DEFINITELY IS gonna end up in another nigga mouth.
You They claiming bitches them my old hoes Wack ass hoes You gotta have luuuuubeAll ya really need is luuuube!
Dental Dam Yankees These hoes aint loyal Bitch had me and my car all the way fucked up!
had to cuss a bitch out via note!
These hoes aint shit My pussy tastes like Pumpkin Spice Latte.
Lana Del Basic Them hoes so damn nice This bitch got a body like Trey Songz dont cheat if she a down bitch yo bitch chose me you aint a pimp you a FAIRY.
Fuck bitches , get money A favorite niggas line when a girl leave his ass for another man You ugly anyway You a hoe anyway a nigga who just got curved but wont accept it Bros before hoes a bro with no hoes Bitches tweeting last night like they did something special except be hoes Lmaoo bitch what?
Rare pic of trash posing with trash U hoes going to church this morning like yall wasnt busting it wide open for niggas about 4 hours ago When ya side hoe tryna act up i started fuckin with bitches who believe everything their horoscope say.they believe the dumbass horoscopes they gunna bel Assyria got hella hoes 22.
But we make it and this bitch sits on the couch and turns on Ice Age the movie and asks us if were hungry like we arent t If you curve me im just going to assume your pussy is trash and you were doing me a favor You bitches could never be nae ...let him tell you he love him some nae she a dumb bitch smh I got hard dick for all dez bitches.
I get all they numbers I dont call dez bitches.
LMAO Im waiting for all of you little bitches that whined about Bush to start speaking up about Obama and his wars.
When Kanye said I dont need your pussy, bitch.
Im on my own dick.
When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy When Tyler the Creator said Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome The trick of reality tv is making tacky bitches seem classy badgering real women with real ethic into submission.
Its a Logic had me thinking Nikki was a bad bitch Never trust a bitch that take quick ass showers!
Nobody cares, bitch a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies
no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 Being a hoe isnt a Halloween costume you here good songs on the radio but it aint about positivity its mainly bout hoe problems killing andor moving weight bitch gotta die 10,000 deaths.
GTFOH make me ur wcw
tweet about me so I know its real Niggas Be Like
Fuck!
Man fuck
bitch as Hate a broke bitch and nigga If money was my girl id stalk that bitch.
i hate when netflix stop asks if im still watchin like yes u think i got up started doin somethin with my life bitch If a mf really like you, theyll drop all their hoes, exes, groupies and focus only on you..
Dont worry about my old bitch or my next bitch Damn...
thats a cold ass honkie bette fucking davis eyes bitch check it out you gotta vodka soda a lemon on the bottom of that bitch ?
thats cool Being a hoe means FUCKIN a lot of people NOT TALKING to a lot of people!
Yall mufuckas be having shit mixed up!
I wonder if I can sue a bitch 4wasting my mf time bitch bitch wassup you home.
Niggaz in that bitch was some hoes yaknow yazz I gotta do applewood n shit kk bitch TD in 17 Jeff b home real soon I cant trust a bitch I cant trust myself When bae calls Chinese food in your phone and your side hoe answers in a Chinese accent takes your order..
Just barrass Meez ctfu um zoned out wit my fro out while um hitin hoes from da back Girls dress like hoes and wonder why good guys arent attracted to them...
Wet warm pussy Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean yall happy, having a titl Too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
i swear Im a nice girl, until you do something that pisses me off...
then the bitch comes out.
Crazy things about the pussy that you should know
Make sure u know Scientists have recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin These hoes aint loyal I swear I saw more then 3 bitches jump this girl Commie Mints F!kkk this faggot commie Does my Mewtwo make your pussy wet?
Dax we dont love these hoes bitch ass niggas claim to be yo homies then get on dirt ..
All bitch ass niggaa can die slow Girls like her make it hard for the rest of us and u wonder why u bitches get expose All I ever do is fuck bitches count stacks If Hank Jr.
was half the man his daddy was, hed bitchslap Brantly Gilbert for having his name in his mouth.
this bitch thought she could cut my dick off God bless those delusional bitches still trying to keep duck face alive.
Whos my bitch?
Henny hoes.
Peace tranquillity If you were a Greek Mythical Godwhat would u be your retarded Highwaisted jeans are not made for everyone bitches be looking horrible my internet aint get transfered yet pussy These hoes will fake like they really fck with you but be hating on you lowkey I love how twat is gender neutral.
Why would I be in a relationship theses hoes go still do them These hoes is thotful Yall hoes aint slick The best way to avoid a tsunami of extramarital pussy is to wear sneakers on your daily commute.
Also using the word sneake Where is everybody getting this fuck her right in the pussy sayin from?
If some little fucking faggot spits in my food I swear to god id tear your fucking arms off aight game over.
dykes had to ruin it bitch built like squid ward after he ate all the Krabby Patties DONT RETIRE I love you.
h bitch change draws if I got hoes..
one of my hoes..
if not shutup never say it again How you pressed over some pussy you never had ?
Damn..
its hotter than a bitch I wish I would chase a hoe .
I aint entertaining nomore dumb bitches You think she classy niggah but she really ratchet I kinda miss tremper I use to be threw dat bitch lol Never in class lmao Told my home girl bitch you bet not change on mee You Disrespected My Hoeing Pimp Slaps Hoe In The Telly For Talking Back!
bitch Knocked that bitch soul out her body lol aha bruh cocked back an fired on that bitch This bitch came to the club with a broken neck?
Bitch you serious?
Tyrese a baby back bitch!
Hope they kill him before Black History Month.
Will I still mock hypocrites.....
gunna have me screaming at bitches and shit..lol that bitch was looking for anything to go up her ass!..haha aye stfu you dyke lookin bitch Im pretty sure you have a bigger dick than your boyfriend we just trying flip an ounce to a P in dis bitch!!!
im still out school bro next week im out dere doe just show im not playing in this bitch one false move ima spraying in this bitch Obama is Allowing millions of illegal aliens, drug cartels, and terrorists to enter our open borders...Liberal retards 1, 2, 3, 4, how many niggers are in my store?
This bitch quit after an hour of working here wtf Im in this bitch like a mf Lmaooooooo Ayo take this pic for me fam
You think the bitches gon fuck with this pic?
no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 When I feel like he entertaining these hoes I just fall back even harder than before Ur fucking white trash Drunk inlove with my gun bae bitch Beyonc We out dis bitch some bitches be like Im far from ugly naw hoe, youre closer than you think Behind every REAL bitch, theres a bitch ass nigga that did her wrong but made her strong.
Niggas and bitches gotta quit wit da money pics...
If I can count it accurately it aint enough I find it hilarious how Austin says swag witch instead of swag bitch lmfao no bitch, I just dont like you I say if a girl got 7 bodies or more and she 20 or younger she a hoe ON GANG !
its a metaphor you dumb fucking nigger oh....I know dude.
I just went OFF ON HIS ASS Im done with that faggot Fucking James tried to tell me Jawga Boys sucked.
I went ape shit dude A day later and yall still gassing Rihanna trash ass nudes.
hahah that niggah got hella checked !
Damn so many fake niggas bitches Im scared of her...her pussy too good!!
Lol Bitch hmu say she need sex right now, bitch nigga hmu saying he upset right now Lame dude anyway bitch, bye Dawg look at this shit Let a nigga try me try me Im a fuck all the hoes in his family Leave the bitching to the bitches !
3 point on a bitch like Dirk Nowitzki, up in da club like Dirk Nowitzki.
I aint nun to cut that bitch off Too many bitches not enough queens Can someone show hailie this tweet?
bitch blocked me People need to stop being bitch made.
A lot of these hoes be cheating on they nigga fucking other niggas.
Yall boys better get yall a real bitch that ain all deze hoes got past demons in em...
YOLO nigga lol Hahahahaha wtf ling ling did you at least calculate the circumference when you threw that ass in a circle?
3 MOST COMMON WHITE PEOPLE ACTIVITIES
Calling you a nigger on Xbox My daddy told me not to date a man with soft hands lol...
Either he doesnt do hard labor or hes a faggot.
since we on the subject she used to always ask to to see my dick via dm..
fck dat rat face hoe b One who cant keep his bitch What kind of man cant parallel park?
I never understood that if u want a strap on, just fck a nigga !
wtf bitch I hate these Mone Davis commercials.
Bitch is gonna end up either a dyke or a loser like every other female.
She right You spam If you eating the pussy you might as well eat the ASS.
Niggas staring at ma chai Proof that thots are retarded.
Its because you cant bend me, you cant buy me and you cant make me into your nigger!
via nice body parts on ugly bitches is the worst.
Any girl that talk about sex on social media is a hoe Phil Simms is a pussy Screw these hoes Silencer up on that .30 that bitch dont make a sound Lib Hypocrisy alert bans bossy but bitch is okay!
Freeze bitch im gonna steal your heart A sideline bitch will tell you everything you need to hear if you just listen.
She ultimately wants your man she dgaf a I had these cute little pet names for my ex, like ass monkey, douchetard butterball.
Back in elementary school, when you were line leader, everybody else was your bitch.
Somewhere in the world some bitch is ordering roses for herself so she doesnt look like the lonely bitch at the office The nigga who got slept is a faggot if he sues just run one again and watch ya backLOL JUST LIKE THE PE I found a megacarrot at the store today!
50 retweets and Ill shove it up my pussy pics!!!
This assholes mother should have shoved a coat hanger up her pussy gouged him to death when he was a harmless fetus My sister shittin on you hos once again wodeh bout dat action shes a model on but shes just a hoe from my town.
Well your rsum is just dont be a bitch dude written on a napkin
Dont b Go dumb bitch do your dumb dance Bruh some of yall bitches lucky and do not realize it TISK TISK this nigga Kanye looking at his ice cream like hoe ass ice cream you aint as cold as Kanye Get to bed, bitches, and only dream happy dreams.
Dumb hoes out here moving at a snails pace in life...im coo I love my big booty bitches!
Why yalls aint do nun when the fat bitch jumped on me!
Or youre the side bitch.
Youd rather live with trash,, than make it work with a good woman Saw a man in a yellow trench coat matching fedora with an iWatch.
What a Dick.
Yall bitches is fake as shit.
My Wifi stronger then half yall hoes relationships lol Here she go being a hoe againdog This nigger tattoo show is horrible Having one is stressful...
Having a lot of bitches seem stressful hard 2 keep the hoes off me When a bitch says hi to bae wya bitch Fuck wit us and then we tweakin hoe I cannot fuck with a broke bitch!
If youre a bad bitch whyre you wearing sneakers?
Man, now these hoes know These hoes aint loyal mane, they rotate Hoes aint shit How superficial bitches are If a bitch tries to get crazy tomorrow When you have a good girl, say no to hoes If your girlfriend doesnt like that bitch, then dont talk to that bitch.
when you see a hoe talking to bae but she not even on your level Dont give a man the pussy until he gives you a relationship.
Eating your womans pussy is good for the soul.
I want to lick one lucky, HEALTHY, CLEAN womans pussy tonight to totally change her life views about men forever!
Jesus turns water into wine Instagram turns busted bitches into dimes.
SEX FACT A lot of women say getting their ass eaten feels better than getting their pussy eaten.
bitches are so shady...
oh my god if were dating, dont be a sensitive bitch when i insult you..
i expect to be insulted back.
if you pass up the chance with a hot faithful girl cause the single life with hoes is on your mind you are just plain dumb m this bitch was so ungrateful when u go through baes phone theres no hoes on there Man, most of you coons couldnt jus up in quit yo job, if you found out ya boss racist, so shut tha fucc up.
Niggas love If I hit ya nigga , bitch Im sorry Running a train is fucking a bitch, you finish.
Then somebody else come in and fuck the bitch.
Thats a gangbang speak of Same hoes running back tellin you shit about me be the same hoes trynna fuck you, same niggas tellin u shit be the mayne I know you have me blocked, but next week bitch Some bitches only cute when they mouth closed, that smile is what fuck yall up bye teeth LOOOOOOL 2nd best tweaking hoe vine These hoes...
Smh Never trust a bitch that try to be a side bitch They say crazy girls got the best pussy I aint gettin my hands tatted dumb ass, y yo bitch ass leave da bus stop last night, the main was goin Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo.
I know I got good pussy I dont want yo bitch, she gotta be foreign.
money ova bitches Im yellin it ta da grave developed at ah young age, go afta wat pays Dont ever be ashamed of who you are, unless you a hoe.
Well bitch you better buy a damn teddy bear.
Cant even tell a bitch hey without thinking you tryna get at them.
We have bigger problems here Rn Like McDonalds doesnt serve breakfast after These hoes aint loyal Yall act like your pussy did something magical because a nigga suddenly didnt pull out.
Naw, he just didnt pull out, You cant tell a bitch shit when they get a Job When you go to a college party and you dont see any bitches When you and your boys discover a hoe Them hoes are temporary, but a good woman will always be a good woman.
Last retweet you bitches be confused Ill purposely read your message just so you know I read it and didnt reply.
I can be a bitch like that.
It aint nothing to cut that bitch off.
I rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh , That shit boring give me a wife .
Lmfao , Little Be Like ...
If you take your girl back after she cheats on you, youre a little bitch.
Jesus please respond to her you a hoe for this Lets butt chug Mikes Hard Lemonade Whats with all these pussies turning themselves into YuGiOh cards lately I wish sombody get this hoe away from me LMAO bruh Oooooo let me find a shooting star so I could wish a bitch would Ps up hoes down, if ya bitch cant swim then tha hoe gone drown This bitch on Maury a thug What it ih hoe, wassuh ..can a nigga get in dem guts How close I am to slapping a bitch Dr.
nigga was trash.
Let me put my kids up in ya mouth bitch.
Ima turn this shit into a foster home.
your bf is broke bitch!
you got old bitches upgrade them I could literally be crying one minute get up wipe my face walk out the room like bitch turn uuuup idk its weird.
99.9 of bitches are hoes except my mama using words such as dick and pussy in regular convo is just too vulgar for me.
Welp The girl of your dreams is a hoe and the guy of your dreams aint shit.
Facts of life If I dont text you no more thats Cuz you a boring bitch just so yall hoes know.
Becoming a cold hearted bitch wasnt really what I planned to do with my life but here I am Bitches love Miley Cyrus and Rihanna cuz they speak to every girls inner hoe The awkward moment when youre changing in the gym and your penis head slips through the slit of your boxers.
Claim whatever part of her u please, fuck her to bliss or bruise her sweet pussy with a crop till she begs to be your filthy Duncanville girls cold den a hoe Dont be a stupid fucking bitch.
me, to stupid fucking bitches Her pussy loves it when I speak in tongues.
Sorry that I came into your pussy like a wrecking ball.
God all a nigga trust I cant trust that gun cuz if that bitch jam Im fucked cant trust niggas they bitches got they dicks When a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch cant cook nothin for you these hoes aint hungry do Oh I wouldve stood up!!!
Fall back hoe bruh you fucked the shit out of my taste buds with that bitch.
Stop flattering yourself, bitch.
Yall still getting yall face beat igggggy you still taking pics with a face full of pussy nut?Dawg yoi a slut!
Thats who dumb bitch!
bitches is so corny SOOOOOOO corny !
Oomf pregnant from dat dog in the hood dat chase erbody REAL funny bitch!!!!
Twerking in the chamber of secrets, with all my bad bitches You say potato, your pimp says put out, ho.
These hoes aint loyal Some hoes live jus to hit the clubs every weekend ..
bitches say or nah with everything Im cute or nah?
chillin wit my bro suck his dick or nah?
tracks showin o She said I hurt her feelings now she dating dykes..
For niggas who claim to love pussy as much as yall do, yall should be champions for sexual liberation and stigma remov Slander dont exist when you make her cum.
Every bad thing she says doesnt register, cuz you got the pussy.
wake me up when da bitches get here Man like doing Hella things I gotta take my hat off to that nig!
So yall niggas really love these hoes with nigga qualities huh...she roll the blunt better than you and she wifey now happy birthday my little cotton picker Dont fall out wit yo niggas over hoes..
these bitches is my sons lol i can do somethin good but im always gon be a wetback coo..
And niggas dont be knowing the difference or want to believe that the bitch actually ugly I swear to god Whitney is a Regina George.
wow im a bitch I got drugs and hugs for you, bitch.
Short bitches run sh!t.
Lowkey Apple made iOS 8 like this so niggas get caught and have to buy their bitches iphone 6s to make up As in rubbing her booty on another mans penis.
Sure Fellas you cool with your girl dancing with other nig I am nice I am humble but I will still let a bitch know whats up!
The person below is a cunt.
When I hear a baby cry at a restaurant I can literally feel my pussy slam a door closed and throw out the gone fishing And she gave this nigga head while I was laying next to her while she had a bf shes a hoe on the low Trust no man, fear no bitch.
Used in a sentence Ill never get any pussy because I know how to Ian worried bout a bitch who aint worried bout me Go ahead and mock me, one day Ill sell enough of this makeup to drive the pink Mary Kay Cadillac and well see whos gay If having hoes still excites you you still have some growing to do lil mf !!!
Bro that shi This tweet was a booby trap and I caught 23 hoes.
Why girls be so embrrased when they pussy fart?
Embrace that shit.
steal a niggas bitch, dont steal a niggas tweets.
Meow, bitches If one more FB idiot bitches about the weather, I will hunt them down kill them with kindness because everyone is enti Ultimate bitch I should get a job at the USPS customer service number since the only requirement is being a total cunt.
rt if you are nerd trash who likes to set things on fire sometimes shes a hoe, shes ugly, shes a bitch, shes this, shes that ..
Mann fuckk dat shit!!..fuckk dat bitch!!
bitch waaaaaa??
tf bitch!!???
Lol Like honestly if you are embarrassed to be around someone because of how they look, youre trash This bitch wanna be Roger from American Dad so bad Captain Kirk hoe!
Watch social media with all that hate in their blood try and wish bad on Derrick!
He back bitch!
bitch myself bye Peace, bitch.
You dont get bitches Take Care the mos overrated album that has been released in the last 5 years Come somebody please get me a PS4?
Willing to eat pussy for it if need be.
These hoes aint loyal pussies wanna use royal icing for their gingerbread houses...fuck that...ima use my homemade cream cheese frosting.
Cant trust a bitch who lets the microwave hit 0, she doesnt care about her life...she probably jumps on the lava part o Element number 35 is Bromine and it comes before number 67 Ho Holmium.
Therefore, its Bros before hoes.
So just be a bitch What doesnt kill you makes you a bitch.
Wtf is Lolzzz ?!
Did you laugh yourself to sleep bitch??
choke on a cactus, bitch.
what does forever mean to some of you bitches?
Haha I was trying to get high bitch Im not trying to turn you on.
Stop talking ghetto, youre white A hoes favorite line is, Dont judge me, you dont know what I been through!
a lot of dick.
After I fuck your bitch Anytime a girl asks you for help, tell that bitch to ask Channing Tatum since thats her MCM.
Cant trust a bitch who lets the microwave hit 0, she doesnt care about her life...she probably jumps on the lava part of If I stop my car so that you can walk across the street, I better see some hustle out of you!
Knees to chest bitch, KNEES No bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie This bitch doesnt know what she wants..
White girls, if your black boyfriend doesnt call you shawty, then bitch you aint that special.
future bae best drink fiji water so her pussy taste like retweets cinammon apples ur a faggot if you change your name to your bday just so you can get bday tweets.
this aint FB nigga, fuck yo birthday when youre in public with your side hoe warning shots are for pussies Im just gonna gun you down!
bird fucking KNOCK KNOCK.
Welcome to cell block C, bitch!
Im so popular All yo bitches know me.
Most these niggas hatin well at least they know me I just wanna be drunk on stage going ham in that bitch If she doesnt know what dab means...Fuck that bitch For example.
No bitch t Give me conversation..they think u giving em pussy ahhhhh YOU TRIED IT.
Yall say Why you dating lil girls like mature hoes just on a rampage outside.
so many groupie hoes in the condo its a group home I know another chick I will NEVER shoot again.
Filing this one under heartless cunt Why is there a pussy screaming on my TL ?
Bitches eyebrows be on FlEEK Loyalty on Weak edges incomplete and pussy on REEK Not basic bitches I come off like a total bitch, but if I like you I will literally do anything for you.
But you dumb ass hoes gone fuck around get your soul taken fro We all know youre fucking a bitch right now LOL Stole your grandpas wardrobe bitch bitch I remember I tried to fake rape a bitch before and she was way too strong Smfh ..
I felt like a bitch!!!
You a sucka hoe...sucka hoe im succsess Nigga when from Can I get a hug to I got hoes b No respect for a bitch She gonna top me regardless He rip that bitch Im speaking on Ho niggas hoe niggaz probably dont dig natural styled hair period...
Just a week ago, yall hoes wasnt sucking dick now yall all pros at it huj Seeeeee man.
Niggas a lose they bitch over a bitch thats not even worth it Lmfao , this bitch was giving head in the back of a classroom she better go tf ahead !
You thought you had enough hair for a ponytail bitch !
Science, bitch!
Naw nigga its a country.
My bitch is from there.
Fucking chinks in Clash of Clans always fuck me up.
Bitch ass kamikaze faggots.
Back in the day when Drake was AubreyJimmy and he made that song with his bitch girlfriend I said he was gonna be a rappe Crying How you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
Twerking is ghetto until White people do it.
Hip Hop culture is violent dangerous until they want to profit of it.
ht Pirlos one of them cunts whod just be better at everything.
Hed beat u at table tennis, shag your wife better win a Lookie here folks
Im not a chocolate, thick, natural haired female
Nudestrash Aye fam you think you can line me up I saw a bad bitch in Mrs.
Bridgets class Ayo take this pic for me fam
Hell yea....the hoes gone like that one 90 of the black girls at my school are ghetto AF 98.6 How do bitches Peep everything but still getting cheated on something not adding up I know she a hoe if she believe in astrology..
Pussy is pussy asses..
Thats how so many of yalls babys mommas hideous and u hiding her from the twittersphere A womans revenge To a man is being a hoe I spray Clorox on the seat after bitches use it I aint had that much trust in females since Sam Rothstein met Ginger If I look at my bitch she better shut up aint no arguing with niggaz in the street or social networks If YA bitch ex is a nigga u think is lame u might be lame for having a lame nigga old bitch If certain niggaz can even get my bitch attention hey can have it Niggaz like all them naked bitches on IG pics NIGGAZ DONT LOVE EM Shout out to all them bitches who dont own no designer shit and still look better than all YALL bitches with everything desi These bitches self esteem built off likes and their principles built off Instagram memes These bitches will set you up the moment you stop fucking with them and they mad Yall bitches got to learn the difference between like and love Yall bitches sending inviatations to the wolves than get mad when they at ya door You dumb bitches still think pretty is everything KERI LOOKS BETTER THAN BEYONC Keri probably know she do too but guess These hoes aint got nothin on ya Im happy for the bung holes and negativity desperate guys spew on here a GOOD example of WHAT not to be and what I don Me and this bitch may not be the best of friends, but this cover???
No BFFL, no bitch, no nigga, just me...
Some bitches forget you have to be a friend to keep a friend I just wanna spread your legs kiss lick my way down to your pussy just so I can feel every bit of wetness on my tong Social network got bitches heads like On the NorthSide WildBills With Come up on a check Left that hoe alone Im all cock and pussy like in my tweets and all penis and vagina like in DMs how the bitch ear get burnt?
y does every female think every nigga they come across is in love w them?
bitch I could leave u , smoke a blunt forget Ctfu bitch get out dem feelings and get some new dick This nigga said bitch told me she sent a nigga ta jail....
Lmao I be in yo bitch pussy like bitch stop lien When your main bitch friends see you at a party ...
so i could catch a round with half these pussies out here Let a bitch try me try me, Ima swing her to the whole mf family Basically, Im the shit bitch So when the clock hits 12 oclock imma need the baddest, lightest, brightest hoes to be at door.
Give my b A hoe ass nigga will never change Rich dollaz always trynna snatch a bitch.
Like he a bitch Stressed backwards is Desserts thats why bitches eat junk food when depressed This show should be called side bitches I aint seen love YET I was in her while her nigger was in there makin dinner I Hate when bitches get a man and start tweeting shit like LOL let me stop tweeting like this before he kills me I have 0 hoes I heard you wit that bitch that everybodyyyyy fuckingggggg Look at that bitch way over there stalking my twitter She a hoe if her bday in september Its UTW over here bitch but a lot of shit be going Down uhhh youve been judged it happens.
...Ill hang you nigger wo Now, bitches gonna think just because theyre married, theyre better than every female thats not.
Smh If you gonna fuck my girl then dont pull her hair, nigga i paid 200 for that bitch weave KMM get a fucking trash can on your head.
A real nigga gone teach his bitch the game not run it on her Tuh!
When u plan on going to a party and u dont and u gone on Twitter da next day see dat that hoe did Id get a girlfriend if I had hoes tho.
Back tf up bitch That moment the pussy too good u gotta slow that stroke down!
Say dat shit again Bad bitches hate broke niggaz.
This bitch just blew my high Can I get a fuck you to these bitches from all of my niggas who dont love hoes, they get no dough.
Females nowadays dont like to do anything freaky, because you niggas gossip about it like bitches Having a real bitch by your side and holding it down for you is a blessing For Real.
Early bird gets the dick Boobs boobs boobs boobs lotta boobs Man I make the baddest bitches send me nudes s are the first to congratulate this years hoes for being smarter than last years hoes.
When hoes call other hoes hoes Nothing is wrong wit staying down here to work at the plant.These little minded bitches need 2 fuckin stop being judgmen Get this bitch out of my house Thanks for ignoring me faggots.
Im locked outside Yall ladies ever have on a tank top or something .
like one of your nips was just chilling outside the shirt, and you d a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies
no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 for a b If you suppose to be a man, dont be a bitch.
No officer I wasnt drunk driving, I was swerving on them hoes.
Niggas is hoes 2 or youre a fag.
Your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt guy send me a pic of your pussy Girl ok sends pic of pussyguy HOLY SHIT, WHAT DAFUQ I WANTED TO SEE THE CAT!!!
Side hoes always winning Im that type of bitch to tell you Im on my way knowing I just got in the shower bitches b tweeting everything they see to b Relavent its really sad if my tweets ever offended you 1.
it wont happen again 3.
youre a fucking pussy Im turning over a new leaf!
Is still a faggot.
iPhone 5 bitch Go fish bitch What faggot complained about stretch marks?!?
My nigga them shits taste like the swirls on cinnamon toast crunch if I fav your pic that means Dm me hoe If you love her hide your bitch so you keep shorty You win some and lose some long as you get it on you aint a bitch.
Acting like a saint on twitter..
we think youre fucking weird you prude bitch.
and bitch you smell like sober.
Ladies If a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend .
He basically side hoe shopping A MILF is a sexy ass mom over 35.
If youre 20, youre just a bitch with a baby.
Regrets are for pussies.
Shit happens, deal with it light skin bitches cheat on their man, dark skin bitches squirt bike chain oil, latinas will cut your dick off, white gir if her hair is hers .
she will hit you with a bitch i bought it , so its mine .
Most black hoes at prom looked like Vonte not tweeting like a bitch finally lmao yall some fags exactly.
Announcing that you could be a piece of pussy for a couple hours, then irrelevant after that?
Nothing cute a lol bitch youve put lotion on my butt orajel in my mouth.
Hopefully Ill see my best bitch .
bitches run on emotion not logic ..
a bitch will say 113 if the number ...
fuck you bitch, if I said it was, it was Via Eat ice KevinSmith If Im eating anything tonight, woman?
Its pitypussy.
Im trying to pass my nigguh.
remember in a relationship..
Lol someone fucking yo bitch?
ill be that bitch today bitch you got me I trouble I love you too ..
Take your drunk ass to sleept Theres a bitch on twitter with 50k followers but she drive this.
Hate shit like this bitch cant make a decent meal but can take a hell of a thirst trap These bitches be pretty stupid IBS irritable bitch syndrome.
I have this Automatically suspicious of white folk who try too hard to show they like us darkies.
Yelled out come on bitch!
At myself, by myself, lifting weights as motivation...thanks guys, you always have my back.
You shoulda learned how to bake, cuz bitches love cake you a bitch!
Too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
People downloading time hop to be reminded they were faggots a year ago too Yea but who gets more bitches grandma Girls really made being a hoe kool on Twitter I hate typing something so detailed somebody respond with huh?
bitch Im Finna type the same thing twice dumb bitch Ugly hoes be the loudest ..
u need to duck off hide yourself frfr Why all these hoes be wearin flowers around they head.
I hope a bee Sting they ASS Im a crazy bitch..
fml These porn hoes moan at EVERYTHING !!!
A nigga unbutton her shirt she moaning like stfu Look at this faggot Shes really nice when you get to know her!
Shes a bitch but youll get used to it.
Do I have time for these hoes?
Rt if you killed a bitch with your dick I hate seeing people bitch about their lives.
I havent even tried the Taco Bell breakfast, man, you dont have it this har All the kickers in college football trash like yall cant even make 20 yard field goals....u got one fucking job Bitches tweeting relationship goals wno man, job, or real desire to stop being a hoe or partying every weekend.
Im dating her mom now so now that bitch is my step daughter.
Bud Light Platinums 23 Shots of Patron 8 Side bitches 5 Fucks given 0 Rutgers terminated Mike Rices contract by repeatedly calling it a cunt while hurling balls at it until it finally kill ...
Bro fuck you for leaving!
Lol no but have a great time up there and dont forgot about the bros back ho I dont know why these bitches laughing.
You not even funny my nigga When someone tells me I should stop being a bitch Victorias real secret?
Five nipples and a sideways vagina.
Cheating and having hoes gets old.
then be ashamed bitch.
Bitches eyebrows be 5 hair and 95 makeup talkin bout eyebrows on fleek smh sit down before i lick my thumb hoe When you drop all your hoes for your girl and she say she dont want a relationship Dont be with a bad bitch that just looks good.
Find a GOOD WOMAN that tells you when youre slippin and pushes you to Side niggas get pussy and main niggas get arguments Dont beef over no bitch..
make today yo bitch Serving size is Latin for youre a little bitch bitch shouldve got out of her yard Hows it taste mothafucker?
Mmmhmmm bitch!
SO to for his shitty fuzzy hat.
Made sure he wasnt getting laid lmfao Now a days people find the littlest and dumbest things to bitch about.
The price is wrong bitch.
like fuccck man why yall bitches wearing wigs to school ?
It kills me when Bitches think that just BC they got a low body count that they not a hoe Real nigga rules If u drop the blunt u gotta pass that bitch.
U dont even get to hit it when my girl dont text me back I just tweet.
I dont text other bitches Bc I dont want her texting other niggas when I d Aye everyone buy some bombass brownies tomorrow from my wigga They dont contain marijuana b I know ya friends tellin u, leave me for good, but fuck them hating ass hoes babe IDC what phone u got, lol silly nigger If u looked good in highschool and wack now, I know that pussy been thru some shit Lmaooooooo aint fuckin no bitch with doo Doo in her butt while Im foreplaying, THE FUCK My daughter hate the Freddy Krueger mask I got at the crib, wheneva she act up, I put that bitch on for the NITE Pete carroll prolly got the hoes lined up for his players after the game bruh Sooner or later ya pussy gon tell Me the truth, lets hope its not while Im in it, cause Ima kill u Warm that pussy up That rocket blowing up reminds me of that time in college when I blew a tranny.
It wont happen again 3.
Youre a pussy Im obviously Morello from OITNB cause crazy and jealous bitch.
Messis like Im back bitches lmao Karate bitch Im not saying shes a slut, but her favorite shade of lipstick is pussy.
How many hoes do I have ?
I dont care about bitches.
Hoes be into it with they damn self Finna hit this bitch with a handful of salt bae come over
me im tryna catch a pokemon
bae im horny tho
me bitch its a fucking mewtwo hot pockets hoes Karma is a bitch I wish a bitch would Niggas cheat on the most loyal most beautiful women with fucking trash When I die take my casket to the club so bitches can twerk on it Im putting the fun back in funeral Snail hoe my parents just left, they gonna be gone for 15 mins..
Snail hoe Im horny af
that bitch is a beast Niggas be in your messages like be on Twitter like fuck bitches Come on nigga which one you gone be Drake or I didnt pull bitches in elementary school.
My parents couldnt afford the 64count color box with the sharpener on the back Fucking over your guaranteed pussy trying to get some more pussy will end you up with no pussy!
Cant believe you bitches find this remotely appealing.
Why do you always wear black
cause Im ready for your funeral bitch I didnt go wrong when I started talking to you, I went wrong when I trusted your bitch ass when you in a public place and ya side hoes come outta no where Would you shit on a bitch if she asked you like that Biggie skit?
Ill take my dick and go home.
I dont work for pussy...
the code of a real man A lot of yall hoes pretty until a nigga enlarge that avi...
I dont care how much pussy I get, I still got to jack my dick...
I wonder how many of yall hoes got homegrown sex tapes online and U.O.E.N.O If you got to have every hoe you see you a weak nigga...
Twitter hoes just different, bitches want to text or DM all day.
Hoe Im trying to fuck something...
When you start liking a hoe you dont really like because she gives you the pussy on a consistent basis...
Im gonna Cry every time No bitches Fucking with them hoes!
my nigga waka i hate it had to be him man t baddest blind bitch FAGGOT I was in the club and there was this good lookin bitch.
I was confused Obama aint playin with these hoes...
Happy cunt bags Girl I know you got hoes
Me Oh you didnt hit me boo boo bitches who got hit in the jaw Oh you missed bitch bitxhes who got socked in the face Listen here Bitches cheat on they bitch...
But be SOOOOOO HUwhen they bitch cheat back.
This bitch at work gone make me slap her head off her fuckin neck Yo bag Gucci but you still ugly hoe shut up I can post a picture of chrus at like 5 in the morning and the little nigga will favorite and retweet that hoe if you aint bout that Murder Game pussy nigga shut up 252 GANG 10,000 dinner dates with yo man bitch.
Being pussywhipped When youve got 5 or 6 hoes every one of them sees her man as god.Thats why you dont have sex with them very often.
, , yall bitches needa start delivering !!
Hoes love justifying other hoes actions.
but if the shoe fits, then lace that bitch up and wear it.
Thats my bitch Bruh youre not a friend..
You fuck with me when you and ya bitch into it Girlfriends hate them friendly bitches How quick your bitch will text another nigga whens shes mad at you I hate when people think Im mad or sad cause Im not talking..
nah Im chillin bitch.
im chill as fuck but ill still turn up on ur bitch ass Couple A , Bs , Cs , bad bitch double Ds , popping Es I dont give a F , told you Im a G best twitter beef all time was when called out Barbara hoe ass for cheating on her college bf with some pa Twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet , they need instagram jail for hoes doing Shout out for shout out all All the main bitches are getting kicked to the curve lol Sick ass goal no sex bitch I only want the neck bitch .
jealous bitch.
She was a bitch.
Felt betrayed by my judgment.
This grown on your own shit is for the birds.
Bouta take a shower just to fuck yo bitch but naawww though, yall hoes is fu dont fucking play wme.
I call all women bitches get over it slap it on her forehead..
The bitch needs a spankin..
discipline her ass i woke up with a sore throat, im cold, niggers will be niggers.
so terrible Lol I dont need Halloween to dress like a ho.
So they both was selling pussy and doing dirt together and they fell out so they putting each other on blast even though the hoe about to bust ha knee caps when your bro ask for a turn when you about to get some pussy Cry, liberal bitches.
Cry like you did when daddy left.
MT Republicans are abt to take control of state legisl Feminism noun The perverted political ideology of hateful bitches too fat to get in airplane seats Sorry bitches it takes more than Luck to beat me.
That has redneck written all over it lol.
Drunks can use gravity to get down All yall dudes that just favorite this is a faggot smh Never snapchat will bishop.
He is a screenshotting son of a bitch I can tweet I dont fw crayons and my ex gone subtweet me saying only bitch niggas fw crayons anyways It baffles me how people talk the upmost trash about someone..
Smh people probably do it Fucking retarded question...
A black man asked me Hey white boy, do you like niggers?
Well I wouldnt use that word personally I said, Like is a st Some black guy at my school asked if there were colored printers in the library.
Its 2014 man you can use any printer you What type of eye makeup do redneck women use?
Yes congratulations bitches, you killed it with feminism Why give a bitch ya heart when she rather have a purse.
Because your a Fucken gay cunt hell yea!
I dont know whats wrong w the brothas that love these cave hoes so damn much...
Ill be single for life before I fuck w a nasty, faggot ass white man.
a captain save a hoe just jumped in the convo to save these hoes LLS lmao bummy bitches I want to leave but he said he was going to eat my pussy now Im afraid to go and leave my cat alone with him Wow, he didnt just call them bitches, from what I could see it looked like Brady told the crowd Fck you, bitches!
The reason you called Jesus a monkey is because you knew he was not your color If having hoes excite you, you still a lil nigga How bout some of you bitches be women for Halloween.
bitches get away with too much behind their social media accounts.
Popular on twitter and instagram but lame and broke as fuck i when someone brings up your other hoes in front of bae With your bitch ass...
when you tryna get bitches on LinkedIn Hi mom, last night I was cunt slapping when you texted me about grandpas bypass, sorry I didnt get back to you until no aint worth it, your pussy smelled like reused soap anyways Allergic to
Bullshit Fuck boys Basic bitches Never seen a nigga get laughed at when he got his test back and it was an A on that bitch.
She went all the way to Home Depot just to take a sink pic I hate you hoes If she has You know my name not my story in her bio you know she a hoe These hoes really aint loyal When all yo hoes hit you up at da same time..
Not into dressin to impress these bitches or niggas...
Yo bitch is Gucci Mane My bitch a stoner Darkskin girls got that juicy pussy Fat hoes.
Belly shirts.
90 percent yo bitch with me 100 percent that scrap with me Fucking niggas bitches man Im use to it Bitches be 18 in 8th grade talking about I miss Bae naw bitch you missed graduation Im in yo hood Ill prolly fuck yo hoe working on diz music, be in studio soon nicca Some of you hoes so basic I have to break it down Barney style
wet pussy makes the dick slip out bitches be like had my heart taken since 12312 i love you babe bitch isnt that today?
Retweet if you see a ratchet hoe on your timeline.
i cant fw no friendly bitch..
Girls with good pussy are possessed by demons its a fact Finna make a power move wit a bitch taxes we both gone be straight long as she do wat I told ha I guess its cool to just walk around with ya titties out in a seethru top?
Shit..
if these hoes aint trippin how can I If I see a bitch walking around wearing what Rihanna had on ima grab a titty and hoe I dare you to get mad, we can fight ab Real niggas can handle anything..
including any bitch or any nigga Girls wanna hoe around and turn up but gone regret the shit afterwards.
If a bitch had respect for her own damn body, she wouldnt wear that shit in public.
Back in the G, getting pregnant was a big deal, now these bitches getting pregnant its like what else new ?!
Only pussy niggas wouldnt fuck with a chick if she has stretch marks..
When you think you sliden, bitch you slippen I know the truth.
I KNOWW I KNOWW I KNOWW, YOU KNOW THAT I KNOWW I KNOWW I I am woman, hear me bitch.
Deletin emojis off a niggabitch contact name cos they dont mean shit to you anymore LMFAOOOOOOOOOO LMAOOO You a faggot if you ever wore a tall tee took your pant hoes be having 15 iPhone cases and 4 pair of panties..
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
get downstairs you fucking pussy get downstairs and play me im fifa bitch When she tells you Go hug one of your hoes.
Meat Forevea selling a bitch out Retweet to save a dumb bitch Well Id love to stay and chat but youre a total bitch The person below is into big booty bitches Cinco de way ho wow so the dolphin asked her to marry him and she kisses the other guy right in front of her rude ass bitch Biddin with my bitches We gotta be pretty.
Be good at sex but not a hoe.
H Niggas REALLY ARE the new bitter bitches Or lack of Smh u niggers ur music knowledge If she ever been on a club flyer, She a hoe.
When bitches try to be funny ...
That get you beat up real quick stay shutting these hoes down..
If i cut all my hoes off for u we stop talkin , you owe me some new hoes fym hits blunt
bruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes, but shes one of my hoes, do I keep texting her ?
that shits for the birds Shut up hoe ass nigga Why you sneak dissin you hoe ass nigga bitch shutUP lol man bitch shut the fuck upppppp lol man bitch shutup Im salty lowkey lol why you tryna be raw doe bitch Man this hoe Heaven stay taking all day Hell yea bitch!!!
Suge knight deserved to get shot that nigga had 2pac killed!
karma is a bitch!
My dad is a hoe, fuck him Niggas fufu bitches is too Ow while Im at it where has gone the big lanky twat.
Yall hoes need to get out more.
There so much more to life than being a fuckin hater.
XX Only Twitter niggas care bout hairy pussy.
Them 5 niggas I fucked today aint gi Andrew Bynum got traded and then they waived him the very next day...
a nigger cant keep a job Being a nigger isnt a color its a state of mind Somewhere in the ghetto its a nigger getting shot over BBQ INTERESTING if ur child father aint shit...then look in the mirror at the dumb bitch You can buy milk w WIC guys How yall bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings?
A recent Harvard study concluded that bitches in fact be trippin.
Or fags cause if you post you found him attractive as well Niggas who post trannys to see if a nigga thirsts ov its never about the hoes hes entertaining , its always about the fact that hes entertaining these hoes !
Youre such a bitch Dont get your panties in a twist.
Just take them off and let my tongue twist around in your pussy instead.
Did that bitch ever get out of Ludacriss way?
If youve been though what Ive been through you would have turned into a heartless bitch by now but Im stronger bet Whats it like being a cold hearted cunt?
I need my pussy ate now !
pepsi and cheerios smashin on these hoes got me blue in the taco bae thinks of me flaco errybody frontin jus Theres only ONE bae at the end of the day.
Cause she ride for me unlike you other bitches.
That pussy so wet she gotta dry outsidestop telling my business Listen, cunt Today aint yo day Nah I hate white people now since he looks like a dyke I think he just ended racism Moment of truth, these hoes the truth Philly full of these type hoes.
Broke bitches!
If shes always been a dyke shes a virgin.
Vote or Die bitches nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit Andy went from owning toys to owning bitches..
And also tf is that coke doing teaching a class?
when you see a bitch nigga subtweet you Im grown Let me be a hoe in peace.
SHARKEISHAD To lose ones face due to the brute force of a knockout punch.
Dat bitch got sharkeishad These hoes aint loyal Women of this generation cannot be trusted.
These bitches is actors out here doesnt really look back at their exs.
Some things just look better in the trash!!
yall really expect a 40 yr old nigga to still rap about raping hoes and killing his mother?
I come alive in the night time Sleep all day hoe all night.
Good pussy aint changin nothin.
That only mean you get fucked more Your pussy must not pop severely But Im single Mac 10 lay on the floor like a matress Young based god came straight for the bitches Illegal alien is not a race.
If a girl cant make a decision whether to date you or not tell that bitch to kick rocks.
If ya girl shaves the pussy before going out with her girls, somethings wrong.
dont try too fuck with me got a million and TWO bitches because I will tell them all..
I PROMISE I WILL Crying kill me with fire That pussy crying for help Got these hoes on my dick like brad pitt All bitches cheat.
You just gotta acknowledge its gonna happens so when it does itll hurt less.
everybody turning into assholes this year.
Look what youve bitches have done to us.
When you and your boys discover a hoe Jenny was a hoe til she got AIDS until she was ready to settle down with Forrest Gump who tried saving her SO many tim Leotard not leopard.
Zeeti hoes dumb.
twitpic a selfie wearing a leotard Who gave this bitch THAT much confidence?
When niggas want bitches like trey Hoes, hoes aint nothin but hoes.
nah Im chillin bitch.
your opinion of me is highly irrelevant bitch be out here fighting bitches like its legal Fresh out of jail and I got my chopper bitches be like Vick your number 1 like the BK whopper Well, theres crazy bitch, and theres you can look for that motherfuckers corpse, but you wont find All Detroit niggas do is listen to DBCO and fuck other niggas bitches while trying to hold on to their own with no money an Dont block me because you think a post is about you...just ask me.
Like a boss.
You employee ass bitch.
I hate when faggots talk shit on here then block me so I cant respond.
Bitch I will write you a letter with my response an Niggas get married and start dissin single bitches smh You bitches want allowance and 200 dates and still singl Bae go text your hoes Me when bout 5 bitches got together and thought of a reason to make they boyfriend claim them This bitch eyebrows lookin like the bulls logo bye bitch my pussy dry 247 Its simple, dont be a hoedont worry about being exposed fight me Rohan a bitch yo These bitches so phoney Rows for the hoes
Planks for the skanks
Deep cuts for the sluts
No pecs No s My bitch sad lookin like a lack of funny When you give all ya hoes up for that one girl and it dont work out If a Nigga try to slide in my bitch DMs..
These bitches putting their soul in this routine When a bad bitch asks you to come over When you and your boys discover a hoe bruh he threw that bitch every time bobby bitch comes on this kid definitely got the pussy after that game on ......
The white trash side of me is applauding When a bitch asks to eat your ass.
His balls ashy Real women do this and real faggots let em do that..
To get with a hoe, you just need to be cute, have muscles, dress your ass off swag, or talk a good game.
Cant give these hoes a inch cuz theyll try to take mile Its my brother weekend bitch!!!!!
Seen theses niggas lose it all over a basic bitch This bitch just blew my high Gucci Mane locked up rn and u want to talk about our relationship status rn bitch shut up we gotta free this nigga first yeah yo girlfriend a bitch.
That bitch wanna ignore my text?
Wait till she get off work Caption this MT is paid by white supremacist, they always get a negro to do their dirty work 80 60 of these hoes be fake gay LMAOO accurate When bitches see a quote with a tweet on the TL LMAOOOOOOO What dum bitch made this The nipples determine whether the titties are trash or not I hate a bitch dat act like a nigga.
We all know a double faced bitch named Madison We all know a faggot named Luke nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit i love this emoji shes just like DUH bitch lol i dont give a fuck youre ugly whatcha gonna do about it Bitches post all types of sex position pics with heart emojis but let yu get her in that position this bitch complain a Hol on bitch I heard big booty bitches cant take no .
Marijuana is a gateway drug.
It leads to happiness, great sex, pain relief, and increased patience with crazy bitches.
And w Rows for the hoes
Planks for the skanks
Deep cuts for the sluts
No pecs N if you cant see when you have a real woman by yourside through thick and thin.
then maybe you do deserve these hoes .
There is a company which sells menstrual pads for pet dogs called bitch diapers.
When Tyler the Creator said Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome When Eminem said Call me a faggot, cause I hate a pussy When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy these hoes too familiar Hmmm, is that a Ratchet hoe I smell?
Gotta go be a redneck asshole at my us Behind that twinkle in your eyes I can see the bitch in you !
doesnt hear whispers to myself deaf bitch Mom WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SA Die slow bitch Thats Scary accurate Ray J is the perfect example of what happens when you give a lame nigga some pussy WCW goes out to all the women with their shit together because these pretty bitches get way too much credit for being cute w Cant keep stooping for these hoes.
I know better i was ready to delete my entire instagram app when i found out one of my IG crushes was selling pussy on backpage for 75 f Im going to let the pussy out like fight night The fuck?
I asked this bitch if she was having a good day, and the bitch said stop being weird im conf idgaf what you bitches say about me Its so damn hot in this bitch This bitch is just dead weight
Pallbearers Niggas gossip like hoes Im sleep tho I love being loyal to one person fuck having hoes I aint tryna steal ya car, but I DID eat the hell outcha wifes pussy!
Oreos First you twist it, then you aw crap, it broke.
Monday was SUCH a bitch today.
to the hoes dying for attention lmaoooo what a bunch of fags I saw a great chimpout 2 summers ago.
A middle aged Salvadoran and his 15 Yr old son got wasted by 6 beaners at the metlife When you and your boys discover a hoe These 5th grade hoes aint loyal I got 99 problems and the bitch heard me call her a bitch, So now I have 100.
How girls become friends Omg, I love your shoes How guys become friends Excuse me sir,I see u fuck bitches.
Ur pussy still trash.
all these faggots posting faces about to get the hot unfollow Only soo much a bitch can take...
It make the pussy sing.
My dumb ass thought that was a microphone All I see down my TL is naked white bitches Drinking veuve cliquot and eating marshmallows basically because Im a classy bitch.
Most of these niggas go broke for these hoes If youre attractive you think ANY straight guy just wants to be your friend...bitch you stupid All three of these hoes getting cute for fucking school, taking for ever and waking me the fuck up !
This why I cant stand h Why that bitch lookin all in the car, u know her!?
no i aint no bitch no i aint no snitch!
If youre going to be a bitch and not come to the show because some bands dropped then we.
More moshing room for me in that I was disgusted, betrayed, hurt, my pussy drier than a niggas skin in the winter time autocorrect
its a bitch When you hear a hoe talk shit And if you aint a hoe, GET UP OUT MY TRAPHOUSEEEE rides into the pussy on a gym class butt scooter If I ride up to your bitch in these then...
homie consider yourself a single nigga.
THE FUCK YOU LOOKING AT BITCH!
glides past the bitches teacher eyes on your own paper
me bitch i only have eyes for da paper
what hoes tho ?
When you ate the pussy but yeen think she was gone tell anybody bitches cant get the ios8 because they have over 10 gb of selfies cuh Yall females love yall a bum nigga or a jail bird..!!!!
I switched up.
You fukin with my old bitch.
Im fukin with yo new bitch Niggas talk more than bitches these days......
No nigga ever ask before he hit either Body counts dont matter !
YALL treat all bitches the same anyway, st sundy a old school ho tho I hope this bitch aint a catfish rt for mj fav for a bitch nigga rt for the real niggas fav for the bitch niggas Dodging these hoes like How the fuck can some people not get atleast 1 on flappy bird.
I just got 11 while smoking a fuckin square.
A real man gonna keep it real with his bitches LMAOOOOO shut up Im not tellin u about other women mind ur business Lmaoooooo Nymphos are stupid.
Go hose your pussy down you weird bitch This bitch slow lmaoooooo Periods dont stop nothing but a sentence boo, let me taste that pussy....
duhh BITCH she a HOE !!!!!!
Now a days bitches will beef w you over something that has nothing to do w them bitch yo ugly ass wasnt a factor a Selena mothered these hoes Selfie game retarded alcohol is liquid truth.
Ill kill this bitch no hesitation You know all these bitches who posted pics for Zeeti are in the shower like Jim Carey in Ace Ventura after he found out Ei You either gay or straight dont talk to me bitch please I hate when ppl say hoes arent loyal.
Dizzy bitch it all depends on the female dawg, usually thats how it is with these hoes but the genuine women fuck w yu ah hoelmfao, Thats yo bitch she my bitch too First thing I look at is whats on a bitch feet You bitches selfish ..
Damn lol Yall niggas aint no killas yall niggaz some hoes...
You bowling bitch dont come at me Aint no money or no hoe in the world can spoil it When your teacher puts you in a group with a bunch of retards You got bitches, and I dont have niggas ...
Fat bitch.
How bitch how?
Can you imagine Tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm slutin and still comin up unsuccessful I done went wit a hoe before frfr so who am I to judge na a hoe cry to yu swear she aint fuckn off n still have a side nigga Spit da same game to hoes like da same clothes money bring power so we like a bankroll Mannn let bosh hoe ass hit that 3 To bad you wont hit a girl pussy You like your lunch little boy?
Nah bitch look what Im eating cause of you Ladies listen NO nigga wants to settle down at a young age.
All you bitches crying about being single now will be wifed in 1 Worst movie you can think of?
Fan that fucking trash netflix be posting shit that looks like a porno bitch AWE HELL NAH me and are bad bitches, come fuck with us Bitches will give their pussy to the whole community but wont give a nigga a piece of gum just because i think youre fine dont mean i want you, you appealing to my eyes, not my heart bitch.
I got money I dont need u bitch Everybody think i get hoes and think ima playa but honestly im in my crib wondering bout if my mom making yellow or whi Niggas these days will walk 10 miles to get some pussy.
i hate when italian ppl say olive garden isnt real italian food fuck ur grandmas roasted casserole you bitch olive garden i Niggaz buying py....Niggaz buying py.
Dont start this hoe shit...
grab me some bitches while u up there lmao oh and a belt fendi Give me three wishes
I wish, I wish, I wish, you would bitch Your girl hold my dick like a wii controller Wheres your bitch, nigga?
We control her Alright bitches we are the Kaynes now long as my bitches love me I think my wish came true, where yall hating ass bitches at nahhhhh Not all black girls are ghetto .
Im pretty sure my future ex boyfriend is on here slidin in another bitch DMs...but im patient My dog is gonna be a bitch magnet for sure no haha doubt it did you see all them bitches you had at the track field ?
there were soo many just like you you pulled all them track bitches You dont know maybe some bitches like a man in a tutu You cant take no ones bitch.
This faggit bitch tried to say she hoed for hd bearfaced bitch yusa fag You niggaz really think yo niggazn yo bitch solid guarantee yo nigga will hav her choosin n wont tell ya Why all ghetto chicks gotta smell like lovespell.
Or that cucumber shit, bath body works!
My bitch bad, she from the island I cant trust ah soul I cant trust these NIGHAS I cant trust these hoes This bitch....
Why does nobody believe me when i say im a virgin dewd wtf
No you aint hoe you need one yesss cause Im not her bf !you my bitch bitchman thats so cute to me find a date let me sit this ass on you !
you and Chris better Gtf where tf lyssa toilet mouth ass ?
wassupyou be twatching hoe lmfao bitch was I talking to you but Im talking to you in my bubba voice Small ass pants bitch You been the side hoe omg These hoes gonna be stunting in Florida with the pussy hoe bang this big and she got nerves to think she better then us , bitches have no chill ion be understanding how all you hoes drop yall nuts at once but when a bitch on your ass you cant hear a mouse piss The face you make before you tell a bitch about herself I make dat face too much You stupid lil ass bitch I aint fuckin with chuuu.
What the fuck was wrong with me?
Niggas will fuck yah good , eat ya pussy then go home to they bitch like aint shit happen They on a bitch , yeah they want a bitch If u can steal her shes a hoe Iz no point in being jealous cuz dee hoes for everybody U bitches boring You knew I fucked that bitch and you didnt react?
half yall bitches side hoes and dont even know.
Hate to break the news but u spam bro A dyke a tuck her titties in the winter and start calling herself Mr.
Was deleting this pic until I realized a dike in the back ground dressed like a nigga with wedges on , bitch Im DEAD!!
When ur fuckin and her pussy stank but u have really good friends...........
ht Da bitch got scared and couldnt take it no mo but ya boy was feenin fo dat koula noooooooo One loyal girlfriend is worth more than one hundred hoes.
i fully support samesex marriage but ill never stop calling my friends faggots Ho ho ho bitches Merry 4 monthsish until Christmas.
I do not fuck with that bitch she cannot keep her legs closed dont mind my retarded ass If youve only seen my couch, not my bed, then you my hoe How I lose this sweet..you aint lose it you hide it lmfao Viri tryna smoke that hoe to his self My mama told me if a bitch feet dirty her pussy dirty cause ya feet the first thing that hit the water when you bathe.
lls lor bitches stay wanting to fight , made them real mad i talks my Shit I hate you sidelines hoes yall got so much courage I hate salty bitches She a bad bitch, lets get to it right away .
its sad cause niggas will have a good girl do her wrong, its hard finding a good bitch out here forreal.
We slap bitches!
Girlfriends Be Like....
we dont want him skitdaddle wit that shit hoe Pussy will always be my fav iggy song, like how do you not like a song that just says pussy numerous amounts of time.
Ill write a poem for u hoe If you cant eat pussy thats got hair on it Im not even sure you really know how to eat pussy.
man I just went from 0 100 real quick I aint no hoe the fuck niggas thought this was ?
Throw me a blunt bitch This bitch must be stopped Hoes out here selling pussy for some new uggs!
You disqualified A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend If her pussy got over 10 body counts, Its dead.
Pussies only have 9 lives Gotta eat her pussy so good she forget dick coming next.
Have her talking to herself like he brought dick with him too Young Ns act hard and all the bad Bs grew up to be trash broads The bigger the hoops the bigger the hoe These bitches play on everybodys team Fuck bitches, get reelected I choose to fuck all these bitches not because theyre easy, but because Im hard One mans trash is another mans wife Shit like this why hoes head be fuck up the want social media ass relationships Four Brothers showed the bitch in a lot of niggas.
I wouldve killed Victor Sweet if I was one of his l I knew a bitch in college who sold the pussy for 23 favors I have no hoes man.
I dont need those though I need to pick mines back up Lmao dis bitch dumb asl Swear AG ugly den a bitch.
He look like a possum and giraffe mix breed.
But I died l bitch i dont fucking know you bitch ass nikka took Flight Frm Niggas be in that pussy like Everybody claim they fvck with bad bitches but all the ugly bitches getting pregnant .
Somebody lien Im convinced that some of yall bitches get pregnant purposely because birth control plan b pills are effective if i had a dollar for every time i fucked ur bitch I have a daughter to think about , yall think Im worry about you hoes , naaaaaaaa Let me tell yall bitches something right quick i hate ah dirty house!!!
foul living bitches its a lot of them out there Keep ur bitch on a leash .
why fab snapped like that konnnichiwa bitch I tell a bitch, go and get my name tatted on her spine so I can feel good when Im hittin it from behind Fuck twerking bitch can you cook Wet pussy with no smell a mf Lord.
The nigga she crushing on fucking a bottle girl so they all have to be hoes.
if you want me to expose some more bitches When dykes hear ladies free before 10 Hoes gone be hoes.and these hoes cant be trusted Thursday We will see bitches dressed up like if the hallways were runways, clown make up on some girls,guys with pants belo Getting called ugly by a bitch that use to idolize you.
I think IF i had hoes , i would tell them alll the same shit im too lazy to be tryna switch shit up .
On god yall hoes better get off my twitter stick by his side and dont give his pussy up .
BITCH YOU GUESSED IT my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick
You This bitch...
If you ask me, every bitch gay not me Im all sexual Wtf is all sexual?
If you dont mind me asking Another movie thats gonna make you question your bitch I dont care about none of these bitches Makem eat my ass since eating pussy aint major nomore Girls say bs like you got too many hoes.
I dont know these fucki Ill never understand how people can fake an entire relationship?
I cant even fake a hello to a bitch that I fucking Im not going out my way 2 make sure bitches know NOTHING ...
straight To each his own but these hoes weak when ya friends nag you like they yo bitch mayne chill tf Yeen suckin yeen fuckin watchu doin hoe ?
yeah Texans are so much better you fucking retard Some of you cunts owe me money.
Ion want the pussy if it come wit hairs I hate Im my own WCW ass bitches bitch you ugly as fuck, are you a fuck tranny ?
But its no pussy shit and that was some pussy shit For all those watching that so raven.
Look at this negro now lol i have absolutely no hoes Light beer?
You mean faggot piss?
Overly Powered Man shego was the baddest bitch of my childhood peace out then faggot Whats yall favorite chappelle show skit?
Is wayne Brady gonna have to choke a bitch?
I hate a Im my own WCW ass bitch I dont be worrying about these messy hood ass hoes but they worrying about me though.
I dont understand I dont even fuck with these bitches but Im so relevant to them though Never realize the precious time you bitch niggas is wasting Freaky ass ready ass hoes These hoes got more bodies than a cemetery.
Bobby bitch bobby bitch People getting called all types of bitches over music lol you know how ridiculous that is?
U gotta be a pathetic bitch to ride by another females house looking for a nigga that aint yours smh I dont understand how bitches find the time to worry about what another bitch is doing Why do these hoes think its cute to take pictures kissing eachother ?
Smh nigga is mildly retarded LMFAO If Griff wasnt injuries wed legit be 61 hell yea save money like a hoe That hoe is live though I dont care about none of these bitches R.I.P to the hoes dying for attention.
Once a hoe , always a hoe If a bitch think Im worried about her , that bitch overthinking 30 bottles !
30 bitches !
Im against feminism I think men and women should be equal a bitch that dont know shit about feminism lol for what?
Lol you dissing us shut up bitch Pick 6 hoe lets gooo
Me That bitch you been texting aint no WE in this bitch .
If a bitch tweeting about a nigga and he saying he dont mess with her , Hes lying That bitch aint tweeting for nothing Only the basic bitches put on for Twitter ..
I hate when boys keep chasing a bitch that treat them like they any nigga When niggas try to act hard but really be bitch made You messin with broke niggahs you gon be broke niggah nigga preeeeeeeach !
Been Trynna catch up Witchu pussy I dont be fucking with NOBODY , cause most of these bitches got fake in they blood .
and niggas When you thinking about killing a bitch Brandon Jennings easily got the coldest bitch ever damn near lolnot damn near thats fact.
Dont be gettin no additional pussy for them soft ass tweets.
Now niggas cant hit u bitches line and ask what u doin nomo.
killing these bitches go body for body I hate a bitch that acts like she cant be single.
Get your I need a man ass on Bro even with uno webo I still get more pussy than you Why does everybody drive like retards when it rains lol You better pray I dont send your nudes out bitch How many bitches have actually gone to the club in a mini skirt js on?
I want this bad bitch epidemic to be over so fast bruh...fees cant write a sentence with proper subjectverb agreement now i wish i was born in a different generation , cause yall just make my pussy bones hurt .
sicken ass children .
where is D hoes ?
Niggas be out here loving ALL they hoes...thats a no no.
Niggas bitches getting exposed If you ask me every bitch gay.
Get that sophisticated pussy.
bitches be fake af hits blunt this hoe thought she was so dee my inner nigger is coming out Fxck outta here hoe Dumb bitch im singing to you bitch This hoe never called me like she said Whats a bad bitch to a queen with Goals When u see a bitch that dont like u, look at u It aint nothing to cut that bitch off.
Bitches be thinking they are soooo out here like no your just an everyday average Instagram bitch Bad bitch give me head like lice .
Side bxtches gettin lit up outchea, yall birds better tighten up.
i tell you ANYTHING on this bitch i better get a thank you.
fuck wrong w you dumb ass i wanna be famous ass 3 mixtapes cant r all these bitches fake if you ask me Nomatter how much Im feeling you, u cant compete with girls who throw the pussy.
Im just gonna always take the L miss ya too nigger my sugar daddy is following this bitch fuckin hoe that use to be my friend this is bullshit Shi...now I dont wanna rant bc my first impression would be that im a such a bitch lmao.
I hate a copy cat ass bitch.
Monkey see, monkey do ass bitch Nobody cares about KIRK Bosley noI care bout my cousin hoe 1st block bitch Wassup me 2nite bitches Hmu talmbout match but when I pull up its 30 other niccas wit ya smfh shit like that kill me Im a boss ass bitch!
this is real life She want to give u pussy so bad she mad at u cus u fucking it up Sometime u gotta shut down all tha fun and get tha rite.
get ugly on these hoes and EAT!
A hoe gone be a hoe and dats nd when a nigga broke them hoes act funny!
swear me n zee da only niccas who aint got da update yetIm right there wit cha bruh You talking shit But yo pockets aint shit Yo bitch aint shit Yo life aint shit nigga you just a aint shit as nig Her pussy fatter than ya dick lmao All these bitches niggaz with they imaginary haters .....
Medical marijuana got rejected.
Rick Scott got reelected.
I still have no hoes.
7 out of 10 Every bitch in Houston look good ?
hahahaha signs be funny than a bitch heard a bitch say im ugly but ha nigga thank different you say you mainline he dont treat me no different ever wanna text somebody and be like bitch die I hope you dont wake up you low down dirty muthafxcka these bitch niggas couldnt live my cold lifetyle Yall hoes love football Df Bruh go wash the dishes in the sink then come upstairs and eat this pussy fuck no id be gettin swole in there like everyday nigger I swear its the huge bitches that think they the baddest imma cool as bitch so if a bitch dont like me its a personal problem .
this what most of yall hoes need to admit .
lol people at school be showing me this nigguh videos .
im like he famous oss dont try nd play me, Ill hoe u harder These hoes sad man Yall bitches be like 16 looking 25 How you leave ya mans dead for a broke bitch, most these rap niggas on some hoe shit!!!
Dougie be yamming the coon all that beat boxing When you drop all your hoes for the wrong one and you gotta bring em back LMFAOOOOOOO Gotta watch these hoes I Swear Truth B told i have 0 hoes 1 A real nigga would NEVER be hurt and crying over pussy they didnt get for two years.
What kinda gay shit is that?
4 Only pussy niggas who suck dick cry about someone being in their mentions, tweet the person then cry again about the Lord please dont let this bitch kill my vibe.
And yall niggas jus give up the pussy..
Thinkin yall bout to ge Life to short to be walkin round mad at bitches bitches jus love to get me madd pussy like girls, damn is my pussy gay?
Any bitch that has ever had a problem with me aint checked shit but my twitter NBS !!
js met a lil bitch wit a long name mufucka had more letters den Tennessee, I go gorilla ina pussy, RIP If you still put your pride in front of your feelings ..
Then yes bitch your still childish When she waives her pussy fees bye Lawrence The single life is hitting for zero.
Like I dont even want hoes.
I swear these bitches think their still in highschool I believe theres a hood in heaven cause the devil gots a bad bitch.
Man just proofread edited this niggah sentencefeel like Im back in 6th grade doing daily oral la boy I was clean in them bitches.you loved them damn sandals Lmaoooooo If we cuddle then Im sliding something thick in your pussy, just a warning Why do yall niggas entertain that Nicole bitch?
I dont see how yall can ever take a bitch that posted naked pics serious if you cant do or say certain shit in front of yo bitch then dont do it Niggas be catching attitudes and expect a bitch to beg plenty of sorrys to figure out whats his problem.
NO Sellin my soul for material wishes , fast cars bitches Lil stupid ass bitch..
i aint fucking with YOU Whats the difference between a main a side bitch ??
Shit yall both getting feed lies dick!
most of the bitches he fw not old enough to get a ID so what that tell you invest in some curtains bitch if im bad built ok yall built like tractors yall got relationships bitch where mine ??
I wonder if I oomf I be like I want fuck would I be wrong or you a be one brave as bitch these bitches cant do nothin for you.
Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean yall happy, having a title in a relationship theres gonna be bitches badder than yours or niggas doing better than your nigga.
thats where the loyalty I am so jealous of bitches who can squirt Zulema dont worry bitches only act bold when they have somebody to back them up!
Bring winter back...
This 70 degrees at 7 am shit is for the birdsGet The Fukkk Outta Here Bro!!
you have no sense of humor so back off their backs
ur a lil bitch and im 10 If i had a dollar for every bobby pin Ive lost, Id be one rich bitch I dont care what any of you bitches say, Kesha is awesome these hoes aint loyal Some of you bitches are DUMBBBB they are everywhere trev.
I cant stand a fuck these niggas ass bitch..
everybody tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowin that his bitch is the next nigga bitch Im not the type of guy to bitch about how hot it is but its about to be 11 and Im still sweating q All I want for valentines day is a big booty hoe.
Happy birthday fag boy Hannah is retarded dont listen to her.
dont get me started on you potato head lookin ass bitch why do you call most guys that talk shit to you fags then?
If I cum on your pussy dont be tryna rub it in like they do in the pornos cuz if u get pregnant tha You got niggas I got bitches but I want you...
Diii bitches now i know why niggas have sides, my bitch boring When a girl bring up my hoes when Im trying to get to know her..
No come here mr pussy Mr pussy where are you lol I know it aint good, but these hoes gon do what they wawawaaaaannnnnt.
how she gets all the bitches Nights like this I wish, ride low in the Chevy hit the switch.
In the city burning killa with a bitch years of eating and still no beard, more of mythology.
When you eat pussy it helps Yo beard grow this is s I want some taco truck tacos!
Just saw someone riding a bike while wearing camo, the bitch is asking to get hit!
America is like a drunken redneck flailing his fists around, raving incoherently.
Stfu stupid bitch.
God damn.
Unfuckingfollow me then!!!
Shit.
Only fuck niggas would wanna continue to mess with these messy ass bitches vs.
somebody who HAS been down for them all a I am no longer willing to claim Im just like you just queer as my rallying cry.
Dumb bitches are one thing thatll never become extinct..
Thats real Bitch at MacDonalds say..U look a lil devilish 2day homey..Oh well bitch..I WOKE UP LIKE THISI WOKE UP LIKE THISBey Saying, Who cares?
Let Romo run that deep post, and have Murray bomb that bitch to Tony I feel bad for these young girls that are already hoes.
Man, how you shittin on all these hoes when youre only cute with make up on ?
all these damn bitches on my phone line YESSSS bitch Tell your bitch that Im that nigga now Lebron your still a bitch you suck nigger hope you die trash eating trash mom ive had it.
im done with fake bitches.
ur in 2nd grad If you posted a thunder buddy status yesterday slap yourselfyour a basic bitch Finna punch all these bitches in front of me das my girl Its kinda pathetic how these bitches on BGC be 21 be acting so childish af Jordan wearing bitches need to grow tf up Tiny....
Cant trust a bitch named Tameka no way.
You and yo bitch break up and she start lol at another nigga, she gone for good bruh.
bitches have me like..
a bitch that dont like you always gone think you ugly.
This bitch jus blew my high and I was off all of these drugssss If you let your girl get disrespected and you dont do nothing, you should of been born a bitch cuz only bitch niggas le her face so damn flawless..
I know her pussy taste like peaches and all my life goals lmfaooooooo does being on my dick make any of yall hoes feel relevant ?
thanks pussies do i have time for these hoes ?
Fuking bitches that dont move when you say excuse me is whats wrong in this world.
bitch we them boys Contrary to belief, us queers dont go around looking for things to be offended about.
Its just you cisheteros say the darne Flirting with bitches on Twitter like Basic tongue ring to suck dick with.
most teachers abuse their position, theres teaching with discipline and theres being a cunt, most are cunts walk like a big bitch now.
ONLY REAL NIGGAS KNOW no matter how hungry you are, you better let these bitches cool off!
Damn faggots....
the older i get the less i give a fuck , beef ?
bitch please loosing friends?
bitch bye drama ?
ill pass Retweet if ur dick will choke a bitch bitches bitch, bye Dawg look at this shit this is genius You fat
Nigga so is this pussy since we statin facts bitch took flight I took the hoe to burger king why you hurt my feelings
Jk 3phone you pull all the hoes wit the nice weaves its always anime faggots that got some shit to say lmao, you in love with some damn cartoons lol fuckin nerds youre a retard Aye fam you think you can line me up I saw a bad bitch in Mrs.
You think the bitches gon fuck with this pic?
This burger 3 days old but I eat 19 yr old pussy so I should be fine right ?
When you stuck in the middle of the jungle but see a bad bitch Chillin by the mango tree...
Main bitches saying I hate a send me a pic ass nigga be answering every single one of DJ RiceaRonis request keep your avi hoe How you fuck for cash but you not a hoe?
I want to be filled with hot nigger seed shut up bitch everyones perfect the way they are.
Mopes to folk rock.
What a shit heel.
Bagging thot bitches giving em head?
Ew nigga you nasty youre better off dead.
I got all these hoes starin when I walk thru can we please stop talking about how some scumbag faggots mugshot is sexy?
you dumb whores.
You hoes aint got no manners.
im a worthless piece of shit who deserves no love
bow down before me bitches i am you Im never playing flappy bird again ever fuck that game A nigga can like ONE pic u bitches SO to showing LOVE....
Bitch kill yoself U hoes are super basic that give SOs to ppl liking yall IG pics..
Go get a job bitch Its unexplainable how booty and fucking ass these bitches be.
Them trick niggas splurge on the pussy, yo You give me one day, Ill purge on that pussy yoooo Now the title bitch doesnt apply to all women, but all women have a lil bitch in em There is nothing wrong with Ariana Grande.....
Just cause she dont look like hoe....
bitch really think i cant connect my own lucky number face MY CHEST Kobe getting docked 100K for calling Ref a faggot What do yall co Run up on a nigga get to squeezing hoe hahaa Yo this freezing cold shit so Lel n for the birds it crazy Yu take this money we gon throw a party on that pussy Yall some bitches Damn I fuck bitches I guess Sinclair hoes dont care how fat they are.
They all still wear yoga pants and belly shirts....
lmao i have morals negro.
unlike you Like damn bitch yeah ...its me bet nigger, Im waiting for the car keys If she called me ugly and started pushin me around.
Id run like a mother fucking pussy screaming for my mom to help htt Love really is blind, stupid cunt of a feeling.
Wtf is boy pussy ?
Lmao you atl nigga sick Spike Lee is one of those wealthy people he bitches about thats causing gentrification.
What an inconsiderate bitch Yall claim you want a good loyal girl but keep messing with hoes like Im confused Charlie Sheen is the realest nigga alive In the future, gay culture will be considered cool by Americas teens and instead of wiggers there will be straggots.
Instead of worry bout who that bitch fucking why dont you get you some money all bitches wanna do is beef over niggas grow tf up a get ya priorities straight I dont like bitch niggaz and they dont like me up I would never trip over a bitch that aint mine niggas clowns man When an irrelevant bitch dislikes u for no reason
well now Im crying like a little bitch What a bitch.
rolling deep af I even got bitches running after me naw bruh member when you said that it was your snow .
and your bitches thats my cake Bitches aint shit hoes aint neither Good girls take 412 months before they move on..
only hoes jump from nigga to nigga..
dont argue with me, this is scien dont mention a bitch from your past to me.
first of all, i dont give a fuck.
and third, i you got niggas I got bitches Spineless bitches in backless dressess YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!
Nothing wrong with Black girls having high dick standards, our pussy bomb nigga!
Can I sit on your face Sit on a hot stove bitch When bae sings it aint nothin to cut that bitch off with too much enthusiasm Ill naturally slap the shit outa oomf that bitch talk to much.
These hoes ain loyal What kind of world do we live in, where bitches are getting surgery to make their butts BIGGER!?
Since when do women want a Nicki Minaj ass so fake.
a bitch walking around w weave pussy still taste like McDonalds fries.
I eat pineapples everyday they so good to u bitches who have upside down default pictures, die.
nobody has time to flip they phone around to see if u even uglier California Chrome bitches!!!!!!!!
Its a fucking herb bitch!
wow well arent you just a fucking cunt im not finna beg a nigga to fwm, nor will I beg a bitch to be my friend fuck yall thought?
He on the phone talking to another bitch while you standing in the middle of a damn field clueless.
Xbox is better ya titties trash Apple CEO says Being gay is a gift from God as part of campaign to sell iPhone to queers..
Im like the bat signal, but for crazy bitches my sincerest apologies my main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple Trying to download iOS 8 but my phones a bitch My nephew on Adam Rose I bet he aint got no hoes though.
Austin Mahone is making bitches horny right now...
Some men say theyre afraid of having daughters bc they dont want them to turn into hoes or we.
Play pussy get fucked Y these niggas on this hoe shit Im too pretty for this .
Yall lil bitches can have the petty shit .
Some people are handed a bar of gold and all they can do is bitch about how heavy it is.
Bae Go talk to your hoes
Me Miserable bitches talk the most shit Cant spell slut without u, bitch.
why do niggas get to fw they exes friend but when girls fw her exes friend she a hoe?
bitch myself bye me goodnight moon
moon goodnight lil bitch Wayne really treat nicki like thats his bitch ....
Beautiful wall color I dont love these bitches and you shouldnt either Our taxi driver is fucking retarded..
He doesnt know how to get from grapevine to lewisville bitch u lame af....
get with the times and pop that ass This makes me kinda sad boys are dumb!
bitch shut up youre in high school acting like this is going to be the person you marry.
If your girl is upset and crying..let her cry...she needs to learn how to stop being a pussy.
Toughen up I dont send nudes a bitch wit trash nudes Crafty bitches best way to cheat on a test Aw thats cute, your mom raised you to be a bitchy little cunt Bitches be begging for love loyalty when theyve never giving it to anyone.
Karma bitch I peep everything.
And just know Ill slap a bitch with a smile on my face.
Rivers is seriously a bitch.
Dont throw your hands around like a 5 year old bc something didnt go right.
Lol You think she bad well my bitch meaner When bitches say darkskin niggas fuck the best this all I see.........
wo Boosie said he got a bitch from the Sip.
are gonna have Boosies bitch in da Sip in their bio now Nigga damn Dej Loaf got all these bitches getting TRYED Its like zero bitches in nap thats gon stick by yo side if you fall off FORREAL THO THIS AIN NO LIE Cant turn a hoe into a house wife babbyyy.
Bitches that dress like this pussy taste like hot dog water and bad grades.
I cant stand you I dont text first ass bitches.
fat bitch Im thick my rapper name would be nigger Whats black and yellow and not going to win this year?
nigger hair???
comin from this bitch who had a dread on the back of her she forgot from centurys ago Im a knock the pussy out like fight night Fuck with us and then we tweaking hoe All Babies are born hipsters because they come out of the hospital in beanies.
All it takes is one female to change that nigga, but it takes 100 niggas to change that hoe bitch be working and keep singing like she aint never bust a move Mckean Mckean lol hate half the people there lol weird ass hoes lol corny ass food I still kill that shit doe When a hoe get outta line featuring cat Lol Just so u faggots know!
Fuck twerking, bitch can you cook?
Hes just gonna make it as small of a loss as possible.she was 1 of Don Juan hoes off jump Step up into the gauntlet bitch nuts.
I could use something to wipe my ass with All you need in life is bottles, bitches, and life lessons.
Sam Houston State Guy tells me he doesnt eat pussy, and all of the sudden I dont suck dick anymore Centeral Washington University I rub orange peels on my dick before I go out cuz I dont want these bitches to catch a cold.
Prairie The only thing that Collegefession has taught me is that in fact, these hoes aint loyal Stony Brook Were putting long hard dicks down our throats the least you could do is lick a little pussy Illino You know shes a dyke when she asks for mens golf clubs lmao okay now lets address pepsi pussy Real niggas know Blow shit up and get fatter.
White trash love this holiday.
Follow bitches!
bitch act like she never seen a face mask Sharpton went from being a big fat snitch to a skinny bitch.
Either way, hes nothing but a carni SHAT!!!!!!
When Deltas smell they own pussy You notice that im the real them other bitches is wack bitches be quick to say let me pull out my phone are these hoes loyal?
dont make me pull out the pokeflute hoe each time I do it for ya I make that bad pussy behave Doctor is available to examine your pussy, testicles and penis as painlessly as possible.
I want to eat as much pussy as I can before Lent.
m4w 29 some women just werent blessed with a cotton candy pussy Im such a bitch to you.
Why do you stick around?
If unfollow me youre a little bitch cus you couldnt handle my tweets lol Fuck these lancaster bitches they all the same thought you were sleeping, bitch All it takes is one bitch ass monkey or human to fuck up every bodies Peace and Serenity.
Congress really is acting like a bunch of bitter bitches.You cant continue to refight an election you lost.Obama is President You know my motto It Aint Tricking If Shes Worth It but fuck first, trick later depending on the potency of the pussy.
Call other females hoes 3.
why dont you hoes start poppin some birth control lying knowing he dont be bored in Brusly fckn that bald head hoe.
sick of bitches bitching about other bitches.
I need a bitch big bitches come to the club dressed well WITH flats on.
Hey bitch, socialize this.
I love it IOC Cuts Constitution From Hockey Mask via I dont watch the VS fashion show because I have bigger boobs than all of those pancake bitches lol.
bitch Im not concerned about you.
people are forgetting that the logic behind the Purge is retarded haha I may be a bitch, but least I keep it real.
just a little closer bitch happy birthday to the gayest nigga missing you and follow my new account british cunt The theory of you say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant has been proven Omg i was coughing and saw wiggas tweet the fuckkk lol.
talk about choking , I swear to god some guys are bigger bitches than girls Hoes find a way to hoe......
no matter what I dont have a key to my car that bitch foreign Dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips fse cut it out How black bitches drive when they fav song come on pt 1.
top notch bitch hair down to her ass Im fuking every night up in my new house ..
Cause bitch I worked to hard fa this new house ..
Never invest money into a broke bitch ..
Im a cool ass nigga lbs..its rare if a mf dont like me..nigga you either hating or mad cus yo bitch choosing I beat the pussy up up up up up...
Its birthday I wish you many big booty hoes mane.
Shit ima turn up for your birthday too Not a flagrant lebrons a bitch We dont want no skinny bitches get out!
WE WANT BIG BOOTY BITCHES!
Lol she blocked you little bitches these days.
If I post a picture of my woman, All you hoes jumping off a bridge tonight!
when a bitch twerking on you in the club and you peep the change in her pocket this dogs like Go on, tell em I ate your bitch ass homework.
they aint never gunna believe your dumb ass Lmao hoes now a days slow rap voice that bitch can suck my dick faster rapping voice that bitch can suck my dick hoooow bitch how bitch my dick is yo dinner See Your pussy personality gotta be trash if a nigga stopped talking to you after sex Lmao a hoes favorite season is Cuffing Season!
Summer hoes turning into winter wifeys!
Uhm bitch the fuck its Wednesday and we are suppose to wear black u cant sit with us Lexi swear she a bad bitch LOL shiiiiiit, one day they gonna have a have a golden statue of me lickin da shit out of some pussy in my Lol I be eatin da shit outta sum pussy.
Ill never be a serial pussy eater tho.
I dont get why people bitch about an unfollow when you never talked to them bitch do it look like I care
Your iPad raised your kid to be a giant pussy.
These hoes really would sit in your face and act like they puttin the world in the relationship been fuckin off the whole guns are fucking corny put down your assault rifles and knuckle up..
i wanna go hand to hand with all the NRA pussy ass spoke ...
not just cause of hoes, go to jail cause of fucking up hoes bloody n making them call you head honcho Lmaooo Friday After Next?
You like that yo sons a fag?
Momma said no pussy cats inside of my dog house.
But Fuck you fatty is a poor argument for anything after 5th Never hurt your Girlfriend to make a hoe happy stupid ignorant bitch Stopped by ChickfilA in The Woodlands to support a great business.
I gave my number to this bad ass bitch a few days ago,She said Ill call you when I make it home.
Im starting to think tha if your sis is a bitch, brother is a jerk, leave em both alone and continue with your work QTip GamePlan 1.
Eat the pussy 2.
Beat the pussy up 3.
Apologize to the pussy by eating it again because its so good.
I want to take the time tonight to acknowledge all of the ex hoes She used to be more fun as a hoe ..this new you is to positive Im mature enough to eat pussy when its time too, eating ass is just disrespect.
ya bitches luv throwing bread crumbs on the ground and complain about the pigeons who come flocking towards ya This bitch come up and pull her titty out...
the more the merrie This nigga jerry room smell like bad pussy!
Dont fucks with u hoe I do know one thing tho, bitches they come go.
niggas gon talk, bitches gon hate.
Am I the only one Tht see these hoes pattern.
They stop tweet for 3 to 4 weeks and come bac with the same love tweets bout Ross got Amber Rose naked these hoes aint loyal wiz that aint Amber Rose tho bell hooks is bored by Nikki Minaj thinks pussy is old hat.
Im bored by her old hat ass pop critiques.
Do I get to pick the actress who portrays me on Unsolved Mysteries when the police find the remains of the bitch who ca I just wanna pimp these hoe Ride Rarris launches sacks of burning medical waste into the side of someones house for having a bird feeder on their porch Fucking Bird ah, i can smell it,.
these guinea pigd love to shit.
shouldnt have ordered the full dozen bitches fwu when they wanna ..
ha na bitch not over here Dont curve the man today, in whom you may need to eat your pussy tomorrow Real.
He eats your pussy until u nut.
So why u cant return the favor And if you aint a hoe, GET UP OUT MY TRAPHOUSEEEE 7th grade bitches 3 dont mind me im just over here tryin to teach ur bitch how to dougie my new years resolution is to fuck ur bitch 2014 times do not and I repeat DO NOT!
refer to her as your bitch violet needs service to get texts from hoes pussy ass nigga You assholes know that referring to a girl as bitch doesnt make your dick any bigger, right?
I done had EVERYTHING you hoes ever wanted so to MY DADDY.
Nigga w the MONEY!!!!!
lifes a bitch Make sure you take your rage out on unsuspecting targets today.
I chose a stapler, and that bitch had it coming.
I completely lost my mind, if you find it, go ahead and keep it bitch Jimmy Graham is one ugly son of a bitch I wish a bitch would tell me something that I dont know about MY nigga.
girlboo never left hip hop fans just turned into hoes.
Literally ratchet broads that pretend to like baske yea but cotto was frustrated n didnt wanna go on,and like a bitch he left the ring as soo i see you guys kicked this long haired faggot out your lil video game team so you gonna believe me,a cripple or a fuckn hippo??
I can see moose rockin himself back n forth in a corner of n empty room with his faggot hair all in his face sayin 2 himse I still laugh at maniac being scared of needles,i bet he was crying like a bitch when he got his gay ass tat Wouldnt mind driving up to ghetto ass chula vista just to slap the shit out of gyro and watch him stand there and just ta You bummy hoes cant do this ur right sis.
Other shit aint necessary.
Hover parents are the ones who bitch the most about their childrens dependence.
And your man is with his other bitch.
And you really cannot fucking compete.
Its , bitch!!!
Artist Of The Year Quit hoggin the blunt bitch I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings Dont put the pussy on a pedestal homie Kills me when bitches have a different REAL life MCM every damn Monday lmao.
Where are They Now Fads Doc Martens enjoying anal sex Girbaud Posers, wiggers, fake bangers.
Now accountants Jncos Domin burn forever, bitch.
The ones we really like , we cant get.
But if you got the one you really like then you a lucky bitch.
Girl ugly denna hoe whats this then idc how cute you are that shit dont matter if you got a trash personality.
Money is the baddest bitch I know When the pussy so good you cant pull out.
if u got cotton mouth u can eat my pussy porno hoes funny af bc theyll still be like u like this tight ass pussy even tho the dude been fucking for 45 minutes w u still in ur feelings and he in some new pussy Fuck all the skinny bitches Before covering up misdeeds, creepy little leprechaun John Koskinen cooked the books for Teamsters Freddie Mac I have an embarrassment of bitches Sitting pretty makes bitches mad pretty much Nosey ass hoes , I hate em.
Always finding shit but cant find a man to date em shes covering half of her face and shes still more prettier than all of you hoes skndndnddnd My friends the 2014 Malibu has the legroom and ventilation necessary for professional pussyeating.
Visit your Chevy d i just found out that marehood is code for horse pussy Bitches talking bout dey bout ta chill out on going out you bitches just saying dat cause its getting cold and u bitches d nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit I swear we in this forever now bitch a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies
no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 for a ba nah go talk to ur bitch since she yo crush n shit u may think im a bitch but as soon as you get to know me u realize that first impressions are right and i am a bitch Rockin, rollin, swaggin to the max My bitch a fashion killa, she be busy poppin tags u do realize when you say OMG MY EX DOWNGRADED LOL XDDD it makes you seem like a creepy little cunt that cant seem to de now lets get onto you ..
you slingy dingy ugly salamander lookin bitch I will not waist my time tweeti Unfollow me bitch.
bitch lol Huh man hes gna drown in the pussy for real Lol everyones a lil bitch hoe If yo bitch only fucking with you bcuz of your money chances are any nigga with some money can fuck her?
You can ask yourself if you trust Clegg, Cameron and Miliband, or you can vote Yes and never think about the cunts ever a There might be a couple cotton pickers on the spurs but they all play unselfish white man basketball if a man tells you he doesnt eat pussy expects to have sex, just laugh.
laugh as u put your clothes on, laugh as u g fake ass bitches bruh LOL When you listening to a bitch complaining about a nigga that aint even hers.
bitch u gone have what you gone have.
Baby goals Hate a bitch that run her mouth .
rule do pussy ass shit sometimes.
like write her love notes.
Thank you for listening to me bitch Waka Flaka a lucky retard lol If I was stranded on an island and could only bring one thing, I would bring Dora.
That bitch has everything in that fu ...
Real friends dont get offended when you call them bitch, hoe or slut.
I feel like eating pussy right fucking now The only D yah bitches should be thirsty for Half the bitches that say tfti , wouldnt even go I bet.
pussy so good had to save that shit for later A female will automatically assume you have hoes if she finds you attractive.
Like I know I can be a bitch sometimes but some people need to know their levels I love pussy not surprised stupid bitch Fonda troops Vietnam I see the same hoes The wicked witch of the east is DONE!!!!
NOW, send that vile bitch to Syria I act like ion ee kno dat bitch These hoes be acting up!
Yo bitch givin me head while I watch Good Burger.
HIRE TRANS WOMEN Went to both lunches because of your bitch ass But I aint mad at her prejudice dad, thats the best damn pussy I ever had!!
Goodbye you faggot i hate when netflix stop asks if im still watchin like yes u think i got up started doin somethin with my life bitch put my hobbies include being a sarcastic bitch and thats it I think pats trying to say his pussy is too bombed....idk Oh BOstop with the speechlike you give one tinkers damn about the kids,the poor,any of the crap you are spoutingyouve prov RT To these hoes Im everything Can you call someone a racist, then call them white bitch in the same sentence without losing credibility?
People person so you know lil gabby got hoes bitch....
Yall relationship aint shit but a theory girls really be comfortable with they dudes addressing them as they bitch Im sorry but that will never fly with me.
You shouldnt bitch about anything until youre in a 21 person group chat bow down to me bitches, i am your chief Me lets try a 2nd attempt of my first day of work The cold haha yeah right I fucked your car and your bitch shut up bitch lol of hell.
Karma, its a bitch!
http side hoes shall only eat side dishes fo ye are what ye eats traprinthions 1017 wtf was drake asking us to pull over so he can get my autograph bitch Im scheelp fuck you drake Im just ready to get engaged so I can meet the new wave of aint shit bitches outchea.
nigger wtf this bitch broke her arm eery time she hit the shit Jennas a faggot bitches be handin out neck like free chinese food samples at the mall and go to bed every night wondering why they aint youre a pussy.
You have more cargo shorts in your Avi than fucks I give Cleveland nigga Im fly We switcharoo bitches no lie If she got the Chipotle Plug, Cuff that hoe Stop forcing ya kids to take these pictures u trying to trap niggas online wit u funky hoes Happy Halloween bitches katiedodds15 I bet there are hella rednecks who just got super pissed at that Coke commercial Im honestly surprised some of u guys have ever seen a pussy Show me your pussy.
Lmao what my nigga just told me hoes these days...
They lovin the crew gd nigguh waldo had chipotle waiting for him at his house lucky soab lol If you ever had an abortion you got cemetery pussy omg lmao I still aint got the time for a bitch to be acting iffy Always a fat bitch in the handicap spot but never a dude in a wheelchair.
egg avi in my mentions with 0 followers pussy bo dont want war .
yaaas bitch yaas u so hot bitch yaaas hits blunt
If a guy talk to 5 girls is he a hoe or does he have hoes?
so yeah is the fucking best and I would really hate living if I didnt know her.
My bad bitch appreciation pos All the bitches who called me a hoe in high school got like 23 kids now..
Scarlett Johansson chicks think that having sex with a guy for months automatically makes him their boyfriend ..
bitch did you ask him?
based on my Starbucks drink choices, I admit that I am in fact a basic bitch.
Bring on those damn yellow penguins!
fuck that.
Youre a grown man and think eating pussy is emasculating?
Things to remember Sometimes being a bitch is necessary.
Stick to your guns.
Impromptu solo dance parties are good fo tom ford probably fucking all these hoes he probably would be if he wasnt a homosexual c is for cunt u is for ur a cunt n is for not sure u know this but ur a cunt t is for turn around bitch ur a cunt All these hoes always talkin shit about there guy.
I know where I would be tonight if I was in I can bet that bitch gone be lit tonight you see her nudes?
she must have beat her own pussy up Salute Ead Especially after Rita died..
stop fucking calling these legends trash.
he like darkskin hoes he like lightskin hoes he like Asians.
Dont be sorry hoe, Be Careful Its 2 things in this world that I aint seen, thats a UFO a bitch that I need !!
Lmaoo nigger is scared So results are supposed to be out today Lol lol I hate when old bitches wear clothes these young hoes be wearing, like stay yo ass in yo age group I hate when bitches twerk to slow songs !!!
Like someone who was born and breed to eat pussy.
Someone who is an adept when it cums to tong corny ass hoes always got my name in they mouth.
get with the winning team hoe that bitch Lebron counted to like 6 he aint eem give Miami 6 yrs Why do hoes always want to come bacc when they didnt have to leave in the first place?
Thanks for being black, in darth, and now 17 years old you kinky hentai son of a bitch Stupid fucking nigger LeBron.
You flopping stupid jungle bunny monkey faggot.
Some Niggas be so pressed for pussy my bad yes some!
My next bitch gotta take me out just because....
Niggas talk more than bitches these days...
Every girl sucks dick.
Dont let that bitch fool you.
after yall get done fucking, you a hoe.
Lol I always waste my time on irrelevant bitches!
All I see on my timeline is Ebola Ebola Ebola I hate school Ebola Ebola Some twitter hoes selfie Ebola Ebola Pull out ga How Im a hoe if I only fucked 2 men?
equal opportunity pussy 0 hoes.
Men only cheat for new pussy I dont do nothin for no bitch that she wouldnt do for me Im missing a few things I really need in my life iPhone 6 iOS 8 ps4 some bitches and a new car.
If I get 30 or more retweets thats proof I get 0 bitches.
Birds of a feather flock together If your girl see that another girl likes you, her name is this bitch until further notice.
Men only cheat for pussy.
Women cheat cuz they think they have 2 soulmates if no bitches texting u right now if u lost all your bitches Stop respecting women who admit to having a hoe phase Stop stalkin your girl social media u bitch ass nigga Stop wasting texts on bitches who aint tryna fuck u U a faggot if u heat up leftover pizza U a hoe if you have children and youre still awake Women who need to be put in their place are trash.
You are a human not a pet bitch relax Yall bitches got to stop pushing away the niggas who really care about yall for these niggas who dont give a fuck Your girl swear u cheating until u fuck a bitch for real then its OMG how could u?!
Why are pussy farts so embarrassing ?
U dont want a bitch that got nappy ass hair .
Yo kids gone end up having bbs nigga you bitches make everything a relationship goal.
Candles...plug ins....spray...the smelly good wax thingys...pussy....
Turning up like they 21 .
Throwing the pussy like they 25 ...
But still cant pass Alg Dont wife a hoe end up like these 2 Not all black girls are ghetto I gotta curve these hoes before they have a chance to curve me Kim K got bitches thinkin being a hoe is a career with health care benefits This was the most racist bitch in the world..
Can I bring another bitch lets have a 3some A boyfriend and girlfriend suppose to laugh at these hoes together.
A guy should never have these hoes laughing at his girl..
Girls favorite line go talk to yo hoes Ima get wifey not cunt who spreads legs for anyone.
Difference better you and me lmao retweet for big booty bitches Bruh I never seen so many ugly bitches in one picture before smh is that Luda Karmas a bitch ?
For all you bitches that think youre a bad bitch, please tell that to Rhonda Rousey.
Took this bitch 3 months to put a scarf on smfh Every time a Black woman says oh bitch, I smile.
Niggas gossip like bitches..
but yet they be the realest niggas tho?
When she comes through with the nudes, but they trash, but she got big titties It goes from babe to bitch I love you to I hate you I need you to fuck you youre my everything to you when that one stupid bitch pops up on your timeline...
1st Show proof I sold pussy for 65.
You a faggot if you use Uber because real niggas drive drunk This bitch really happy she got 60k followers from getting kicked out of a moving car by her abusive bf and almost dyi I hate when people take a picture and be like dont mind the background nah bitch imma mind Ever stay home from school and look at the clock and say yeah those bitches in math right now if she can roll, wife that bitch.
Every females worried about being played, every nigga worried she a hoe.
So nothing but games will b played wit that minds Dame the type of bitch that go to jail to meet men These bitches dont love nobody the hos is for everybody!
I wanna watch a nigger made before Christmas Theres pussy makeup?
Get rid of Your hoes
A couple is A couple Not A couple one Not A couple some Not A couple plenty No hoes No ALL Relationships come w hatin ass hoes, drama, jealousy, arguments..
Only REAL couples laugh at the shit white bitches win again smh i fucking hate you bitch get it how you live Its bout that time were I feel like beening a hard working woman .....and a stripper hoe by night do Every bitch with her ass out on Instagram bio be like
deleted at 100k for booking email backpagepussy.com A real hoe will never let you turn her into a house wife..
Shell let you know what it is before you start catching fe Yall bitches dont know how to be friends them other bitches aint got nothing on me I can tell by how your still fucking with meeeee Fuck ur WCW...let me see wat ur current bitch look like.
You gotta be able to keep a bitch on her feet or shell be on her knees with the next nigga.
If I got time to hold my phone the whole time we having sex.
Yo pussy Trash When you having a girls night and you cooking for ya bitches Ctfu lmfaoo LMFAO Lmao You niggers move sooo fast Ego so big I must admit , I got every reason to feel like Im that bitch When you hoes gone learn second place dont get a prize?
500 years of racism and they think nigger hurts my feelings lol.
White people are funny.
IM A PROUD HISPANIC BITCH sure liked this dick tho hoe.
I HATE hoe ass people.
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like I will neva sleep on a pussy these hoes aint loyal
I hate seeing a nice fee wit a weak nigga ..
Be like girl yu retarded r sumn?!
I just wanna leave this bitch for a weekend If you hatin you just need some pussy...
Ike finna have the bitter bitches upsaught and he dont care lmao not at all Trey Songz album is about being a single hoe ass nigga lol this bitch real nasty ah need her im sick of bitches , bitching about other bitches go talk to your hoes the easy way out While you females calling them hoes asking if they want ketchup with they fries.
if a bitch dont act crazy over you , she dont really want you.
Jacob needs to stop being a little bitch and follow me on Instagram man some lame niggah when I find him Im unfollowing TF out his ass!
lol when bitches tryna chill with me like do u kno who i am?
im the mother fuxin Dory hoe I TOUCHED THE BUTT Im hooked on money..
Quit it with that you got hoes shit you aint got a got damn thanggg witcha ugly ass !!!!!!!
eat my pussy you aint a bad bitch if you got bad habits !!!
I kno u wanna roll w a bitch like me!
i never had a nigga taken from me .
keep that in mind bitch Mahammad was a bitch.
Craziest bitches got the best pussy.....
Ugly bitches like to argue a lot.
Twitter is suspending the shit out of IS, multiple iterations of new regional accounts opening today and suspended within ho I love cripples!
Look at all these fucking cripples!
Goddamit Im a people person!
If you call a player a pussy when hes sidelined by concussion, and a low class when he trash talks, you might be a f half of it will be about how you became ghetto in Compton.
ayyy what fags LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Put that muthafuckin jelly on that bread, bitch spread it im running like a bitch Michael Clifford, role model and inspiration to many if you ate my pussy, dont ever try to disrespect me .
Fck nigga i fed you I hate girls that be like I cant talk to you you got too many hoes..
Bitch where ya competitive spirit at??
Niggas expect you to pull this out when they ask where the hoes at the nigga with no future always have the most hoes..
Just texted my phone, this bitch just blew my high!
Rihanna is currently dropping bombs on you bitches!
give me head kiss yo bitch , you a ill nigga !
hickeys hurt I dont see how people always have them hoes .
when you a bitch they never talking bout you all of a sudden Youre still a pussy Attractive girls are always the most insecure...
While these Shrek looking bitches, walk around thinking their the shit just seen this little yellow nigga who lives in a pineapple.....
thats some crazy shit.
maybe all these fake bitches will pretend to be real for halloween school doesnt even test your intelligence it tests ur memory...
....it tests my ability to keep calm and not slap a bitch Unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes.
And unloyal guys turn good women into bitches.
I hate seeing people with money spend it on stupid shit, you dont need 11 TVs a shark tank you twat If we date Get rid of ya Exs
Ill get rid of my hoes
Swag fags are now hibernating because great America and Christmas in the park are both closed.
Birth Control should be mandatory for some of you hoes Guys at parties be screaming these hoes aint loyal but they drunk cheating on they gf with a girl who look like Ra Top 3 Lies girls tell on twitter 1.
Im not a hoe so to all those girls who are curled up in a ball in their bed waiting for that goodnight text.
go to sleep bitch, he you bitches with A cup boobs need to stop wasting money on bras and just buy some tank tops like the rest of the homies.
cant just tell me anything bitch im one click away from google at all times i swear i care bout everything but these bitches fuck them hoes!
I have bigger problems like do you cook at your house lol fuck them hoes!
I have bigger problems like do you ever cook at your house lmao LOL what a fake bitch Vibing with my bitches ,on this feeling good hoes on gish road be lookin like..
Talkin bout 5 dolla sucky sucky theres only like one retarded fucking beaner that does and hes a stupid ass ex fucking faggot Joshua is a faggot.
Just suspend him on those grounds Why is it always the bitches with no money, no job...
no contribution to anything financial that have the highest standards pretty bitch is always comin thru Dese hoes aint loyal WalMart bruh Join me for 8s no fucks given join bitch All talk blahblah bye bitch Ever look at a bitch tweet and was like Bitch Stfu?
Everyday I turn more into a cold heartless bitch.
trigger finger keep my pussy wet?
no thanks hit that bitch with a bottle Niggaaaaaa, why these bitches trip so hard over a nigga?
Leavin no hope for these hoes fag pussy Im not saying Im for this but ..
Studs will fuck trannys but wont let they bitch strap them down you muhfuckas childish lol You gotta be straight forward with hoes ...
She was fighting back and the bitch was hea 28.
hoes will be hoes .
Lost my erection and found it in your girlfriends pussy 1 day down 39 more days with out pot a faggot Damn it wigga imma get my crew on dis fuckin fag real talk nigga up fuuck jalens a slow bitch!
Real Few things worse than forcing a conversation with a dumb bitch Chantel isnt a side hoe bc apparently shes lesbian.
youre retarded enough to be both.
fallin off a bike is a accident!
I aint never seen a bitch trip land on no dick!
yall hoes get boyfriends just to tweet about them.
Take a belt to THAT, bitch.
U lucky bitch i was about to be like r u queer but cmon Jen do u even need to ask quote this tweet with the funniest pic in ya camera roll this bitch started it all bitch Not every female is a TROPHY some of yall hoes are just Certificates of Completion!
and also.pussy!..if my shit offends u..get off twitter..block me..and go suck a cock...
hey dicklicker!
homophobic?
im not scared of queers..i hate em!
fudg I dont want the pussy if it makes me want to pay your bills and not sleep my Sunday mornings away, dont ruin my life.
yeah I dont think thats okay...Fuckin drop it.
You shouldnt even joke abo yeah basic bitches are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and SO boring??
Nipple piercings are suppose to be a girls personal secret.
But yall hoes get them just to take a selfie Jessica Im not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow anxiety is such a cunt Im never watching brave heart again!
You cunts dont want freedom When People write a review of my comedy that starts with Im not easily offended, but this was just not funny that cunt US ghettosdriven by lib ideologyforged by unionsbankrupted by selfserving Ds catering 2parasites!
Dear everyone using natural deodorant, its not working, you stinky bitch.
NOOO my nuts bitch I know who Chubb talkin bout lmao definitely not my hoe My main bitch and my side bitch mad at me but I could give two fucks So I see no ones participating in the twitter purge your still on the side hoe , stfu Damn girl u is a straight hoe!
Still though is a bitch who wont try that wit ...
Halloween 2011 a spoopy hoe and her pimp daddy bitch nooooo !
Kim been mine you dreaming bitch no Im talking to her !
Dallying is for bitches, bro.
Keshonna Alexander had the best pussy in the world.
Taste good asf how much does your wife wet pussy want another dick.
HEAD fat bitches that think they cute When kennies angry he talks like a ghetto black man and I really dont even think he notices HAHAHAHAHAHAHA Im laughing If a woman cares about you shell get mad over little things.
Nothing I hate more than a SNEAKY bitch Bae will always be bae .
Therefore , you hoes can move around please when you sitting next ya girl and ya side bitch text you hey babe youve been doing too much math homework hoe 0 energy for these hoes These hoes are loyal plot twist Im snatching all your bitches at my leisuuuure If you hate people so much then go morph into a Chihuahua since you want to be a little, whiny bitch so badly.
so i basically become a fearless bitch when im mad seeee Let that bitch hop in your mentions one more time, hear?
If I was a bird, you would be the 1st person Id shit on.
aye bro you kno how this shit go we in this bitch solid af running FREE THE 1ST Free the squaddd , We in this bitch Solid FIRST BLOCK FREEE US Give me head kiss yo nigga you a ill bitch Gone kill me bitch nigga dont be a girl about I kno this bitch a thot she wanna meet my momma now I am so nice , but Im such a bitch ..
hard 2 explain How you real, dont put NO money on you nigga books?
But chu buy a bitch Chanel just to hit the Puss!
That dude who played Muhammed must be getting a ton of pussy now.
Good pussy change ya life!
Guys say dont wear leggings if you dont got no ass I see you pussies walking around in muscle shirts without any mus Bet you wont em doe Hoes gon be hoes shut up.
You a hoe youre a fag for using that emoji.
Anyways, you are one of my best friends there is never a dull moment i dont want no thot , a thot is a girl that cant get nofrom me, hanging with the other little hoes, wearing her be you bitch ass nigga Im pretty sure just called that dude a faggot hoes quick to say they can fuck somebody else bf but what does that do for you but make you look bad?
I would rather fuck a fat chick than allow a nigger into my house.
Bruh you trash take yo ass back to college People be like from bae to who are you real quick I be like bitch dont play with me Ill cut you Someone will love your bitch ass it wont be me but someone will love you All of a sudden all these bitches like soccer today lol Basic bitches NOT wanted when ur with ur friend and a bitch u both hate walks past us as n The karma of fucking over a good girl is the bitch you end up with Okay Im Kia and my middle names faggot.
Dylan Yall stay tracking pussy miles, but refuse to put any effort into controlling your own peen.
Whatever ke bitch what you thought ?
bitch you not cute , you just photogenic You have a new boyfriend every week..
Olivia a bird for believing this shit.
I was wearing bucket hats before you basic bitches Whos gassin these hoes, BP?
when i see a pretty girl i be like YASSSS slay on these hoes That bitch got a red COOTCHEE rover and shit Karma is a bitch just make sure that bitch is beautiful.
That look after you just put a bitch in their place The SAME PEOPLE that be calling people hoes be the main ones sucking dick for a chalupa.
get u some pussy be happy im soooo over having a bitch it aint EVEN funny lbs....
You had me at, I hate that bitch too yea dem hoes crazy Real bitches like me make sure you get some even when they not.
Lol but i dont fck with broke bitches every time i come out im never with ne bitches If you ask me, every bitch gay not me Im all sexual You cant find what you lookin for cuz you too busy likin 2 or 3 bitches at a time and all the same.
like go sit down somewhere .
go get classy hoe Got to hold a koala, take selfies with kangaroos, saw a bunch of bad ass birds of prey, and pet a fucking emu today...
wtf Nobody want no pussy 25 other niggas done had before Jammer just said to me he thought mustard on the beat ho was saying Abdullah on the beat this whole time LOOOOOOOL Im telling you, shaved pussy is ugly.
Im not dramatic immature i just have fucking mental problems and youre a bitch and a cunt.
If I can eat some random bitches ass I can eat iggys ass..
I hate you dumb bitches that swear that to be happy you need to be a in a relationship.
yall honestly need to revaluate life Fuck wrong w these bitches lately?
Its a joke bitch, fix ya face Its my pussy not yours I think this gotta be my favorite naked picture ever....damn BITCH FOR WHO, GAP?
Im a model Yall bitches cant tell me nothin Its Comfortable but niccas like me say Comthable...smh why do females think its cute too be rude af all the time and mean for no reason that shit aint cute bitch unemployed niggas be having all the hoes I wish the bitch would .
niggas will cheat on a girl then stalk her and call her a hoe for moving on.
talking bout she gave up too quick Females love stealing someones boyfriend , thats not cute yall hoes need some morals life goals .
You arent a bitch.
Me when your bitch favorites my tweets When your at the pharmacist and they tell you your medicine will be ready in 15 mins....
Wtf bitch its been 30...
youre such a queer Im such a bitch, Im hard to handle, Im stubborn, and I have an attitude.
Sorry to the people who put up with it Black girls hoes cause they fuck niggas for money revenge and dumb shit like that man these hoes so familiar, one minute on the team next minute they aint with ya.
I love when bitches throw shade.
Just confirms im doing something right IM CRYING that bitch going hard Holder asks, What AG has had to deal with that kind of treatment?
Tell the whiny little bitch to call Alberto Gonzales an 4370 sunnyslope dr, memphis tenn 38141...come over and get fucked in the ass you lil skinny bitch, i love read skinny whatUpWyd B chilling in the square wbu ?bitch wat u bitch nigga Bitches be out here eating pussy more than niggas Exactly!!
i miss you bitch!
Call it insecure if u want but fuck no my man doesnt need to be friendly or have bitches as friends these hoes ain where these bitches at This vine still funny as shit to me How many niggers are in my store?
And if you looking for my Ill be on these bitches mind It aint nothing to cut that bitch off Somebody call an ambulance because these bitches dieing for attention about to rock this bitch with with our beautiful angelic voices Eugene, come watch me run circles round the rap game like my name was chip kelly in this bitch h Dese hoes be actin up From my experience these bitches aint shit my pass all bad on 4nem How you wife dat bitch 2many niggas fucked from my clique 2many niggas actin so rich all dese boppin hoes on my dick I dont fuck with bitch niggas I only fuck niggas bitches I hate a bitch that think they crazy I hate wen hoes lie and say I fucked em I need a loyal bitch not no goofy bitch Im finna up my bag so Im cutting you weak hoes off Ima pull up eat the pussy and dip Never have kids by a fan bitch if so cop lol No time to play wit bitches Seem like dese bitches aint loyal These bitches aint my bitches People need to mind they business bitch this the Internet.
stop posting shit then A bitch get 20,000 followers shes a boss and starting up a boutique.
And wearing shades in public A good woman comes around every 3 bitches.
A good man comes around.......well u get the point Come this fall Im cuffin side bitches.
Yall had yall time the whole summer Its some good side bitches out here dont let nobody tell u different Maaan these hoes be photoshopping damn you suppose to be that nigga.
How you get catfished Most of worried about looking like a hoe.
Cuz u missing out on a lot of fun One good woman is worth a thousand bad bitches......but I still wanna fuck a thousand bitches Real bitches text u can u talk before they call Regular bitches be trusting niggaz and letting them raw.
These hoes know better Stop nuttin in these hoes This bitch is pregnant dancing her heart out for me and Im on Instagram.
Im an asshole Why black women say Im gon get me a white man like white guys not dogging bitches too.
Yall so dumb bitch you tweaking hoe tweaking hoe no hoes no baes no dipssidelines no NOTHING Damn.....
I aint got no bitches Too bad Im a bitch..
And Im not stuck up.
You niggas just love assuming bitches want yall when we just being nice Ive always wanted to do a YouTube cover but Im too pussy so umm okay how about this ..
35 RTS and I will post a cover Youre jealous bitch hos will literally do ANYTHING to say they got a nigga dawg All my bitches bigger than me they where sizes 911 so I cant fit they shit Id looked dumb af my friends are all dumb hoes who i dont even like yall females really be cool with cuffin hoe ass niggas nope.
Never go full retard The nicer you are, the easier youre hurt.
So just be a bitch im not shy or quiet im just chilling bitch Youre such a bitch
Me Im such a sarcastic bitch its beautiful once i take my bra off, dont ask me to do shit for u bitch bc once that bra comes off, i am clocked out of life
Im just trying to pass the class and get out this bitch White twitter when they get in an argument i wouldve bitch slapped her into fuck a closed casket bitch put me with the trees let me rot throw some seeds water me and give me leaves Smoke sum bitch no...
4 bad hoes from da islands...
and a fine ass genie bitch, but datz none of Ion even ask lightskin bitches for nudes nomo fuck yall Its to the point that I dont enjoy watching Harden anymore.
He constantly does that and it pisses me off.
Stop being a bitch LMAOOOO White people lmaoo Filth.
When she says Come get this pussy Stevie J proved that you can turn a hoe into a housewife..
You MINE meaning respect the fact that I dont want you talkingchilling, or anything with a bitch that use to like you when a bitch trying to flirt with my niggga .....
I be like ......
Its falling out of love thats a bitch.
never what gerry sends me, that damn jig a boo dont play games with a girl who can play better, bitch.
I dont know a bitch in the world that claim they too busy for a nigga they really fuck with.
i hate when i lose something and my mom says well i guess it wasnt that important like bitch you lost me in a grocery st Great pussy will have you doing shit you would think you would never do Yall ever was In the car with ya moma before and you singing every song come in and she be like bitch you know that sch True life Im an emotional clingy bitch I have zero hoes Freeze bitch im gonna steal your heart Mansion Elan tonight bitch!
Im such a bitch lmao I really just say whats on my mind though cant help it Lol why they tryna make mimi out 2 b this bad bitch?
She is sooooo weak it makes me mad, and she fucks like a 6th grader Jackie weird ..
like bitch hang with ppl ya age you can ride for a nigga ya whole life new pussy fuck it up in one night bitch please i dont even make my own food Hoes be calling hoes, hoes, when they know they just as much of a hoe as the other hoe they calling a hoe.
Myspace Died a couple of years ago.
Twitter At the strip club throwing ones at the big booty hoe Ratchet bitches be like my name is Shaniqua assSofatHairSoReal brown get claps it claps right claps youre becoming a real bitch on this car ride.
those bitches hinder the spirit Hehe hoe quotes I need a guy that can put me in my place bitches that think theyre zoo animals Every girl goes thru her hoe phase her freshman year in college Niggas got a girl, why the fuck you asking girls to text you...hoes man hoes You hoes getting outta hand You women are not wild animals...well some you can control your own attitude and put yourself in place u dumb bitch Its Britney bitch.
bitch you guessed it!
Lana......it aint nuttin ta fuck that bitch dawg!
twinkle twinkle little star I fucked your bitch and stole your car bitch nigga qualities is all you can provide.
Yo bitch, what cho name bitch?
I wanna fuck ya bitch.
Jacey the things she says to me doe Youre a cunt.
Screen shot that You got niggas i got bitches All These hoes sooo average of course maybe yall hoe ass niggas should start considering girls feelings shiii, think about if a nigga is doing what youre doing, thats the type of bitch that I hate you little stupid ass bitch i aint fucking with you yes she is ghetto bitch shes one of the ugliest women Ive ever seen.
Fuck shes a basic bitch My ex told me once she wanted me to get her a gift that would take her breath away so I got that bitch a treadmill nun fucking bitches getting money ily ur a bad bitch i really do get excited to see my bad bitch association in lunch everyday they always make me laugh ya by being your bitch I love me some down ass bitches.
r u african because ur a frican bitch If youre a freshman and youve fucked 14 of the boys in the senior class..
Pretty bitches rep Taylor Gang lmfaoo Like bitch.
Its all for bri shimmy shimmy ya bitch Is you a girl or a guy is you my mom or is you my dad ?
Im a butch dyke I believe the time for uncouthuncivilised people to be sentenced to death for racial slursattacks against NE citizens...
Only an extreme lowlife bitches abt her juniors in public ..
Rajdeep Reveals His Ugly Character In NY claims hoes dont exist
uses hoe in her name Yall look fucking retarded with yalls pants down to your ankles.
This dude told yo ass on MULTIPLE occasions to let this bitch be.
dont ever be afraid to double bitch down.
ppl always expect you to be like, im sorry if i got loud.
or, im sorry to s gets irritated by jealous bitches.
hell yeah benihana up in this bitch you called me a pussy, tough guy?
in the WH Harry Reid is his bitch.
Yall have six different personalities and 3 different bitches you spit game to and lie 247 but WE need to grow up?
Lm Good morning to you, too, sunshine!
dirty bitch All these forms and bitch you still dont get what Im saiyan Cuz bitches love pizza When Lil Wayne said why give a bitch ya heart when she rather have a purse bitches came over, yeah we threw a party But then again i aint never worried bout no bitch nor nigga !!
Its paid for, only 30K miles, and the bitches ALWAYS have my money.
This bitch is dressed for church, the club, the gym, and to slay vampires realest tweet i seen today .
Dyke bitches are rehab for hoes.And once im healed,back to the dick I go These bitches Fine Fare Supermarket If you call my mom a bitch, your getting knocked out.on mamas I think Im addicted to naked pictures and sitting taking bout bitches that we almost had i look at EVERY bitch ass that walk past me !
Hoes always say they a rider bitch stfu and ride this dick lmaoooooooooooooooooooo How do you cheat on this ?
Shes just like any other female with a pussy so who If your pussy was a book , Id read up on it I see yall which one of yall side bitches made this Niggas all about sex now days.
Unlike you bitches, i jus want somebody who gone better me as a young women You can do anything you want in life, just dont be a fucking bitch Whatchu know bout livin in the ghetto, eating cottage cheese 3 times a day.
Lil salt Lil peppa lil A1, Lil barbeeequeee What straight guys take a picture of themselves naked in a hot tun.What fags Ezra Miller, an openly queer male, is playing the Flash, making him the first openly queer male to play a lead superhe Sack number 3 for Trent Cole fuckin that bitch up Me Wes in this bitch dead fuck your gpa bitch im a lot smarter than you Like these bitches that have green eyed curly haired kids on their IG talking about my future child When they said lifes a bitch..
Pussy hungry bitch look at me never hungry Musty pussy maggot bitches tryna lick my sac for riches.
Fuckemx3 If you like After Romeo chances are I think youre a faggot.
As grandma used to say, stop being a whiny little bitch and eat the fucking gluten.
I fucked your bitch , how you feel?
All Im sayin is u bitches would hookup wit tha headless horseman cuz u think he all badass n shit but then u complain Rock out with your cock out Jam out with your clam out buy the girl stuff you twink ass bitch Chael P suplexin motherfuckers on their domes and shit bitches be like if you come over were not fucking but it happened she shaved bitch knew wassup I dont tell bitches I show bitches this isnt tea anymore How do bitches Peep everything but still getting cheated on something not addin Tell a girl to calm down shell act like you just kicked her in the pussy Whore slut cunt bitch nigga Fucking hate ignorant ass bitches Why give a bitch an inch when she rather have nine grab her booty in front of niggas that want her
grab her booty in front of bitches that want you You left prom camping first day cause youre a bitch boy.
its knives bitch Jk Im above the Influence guys Im a graduated D.A.R.E ass bitch did u steal those glasses haha stupid nigger This isnt some privilege to be thrown around all willynilly.
Youve gotta earn the right to call me a bitch.
PM Last night this incitement was translated into the murder of a father traveling whis family to celebrate the first nig Look at yall bitches for the child support keep getting pregnant ass bitches When hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites Oh my goodness do I hate Chinese people.
Fucking zipperheads Dis bitch jus blew my high Sooo many classless hoesnot enough ladies!
Think abt it we bitch abt his policy and he screams racism.
is a pussy Bae go talk to your other hoes Me Panera with my bottom bitch Big dreams, cause that small goal shit is for the birds.
I promise, the last thing you wanna do is be a bitch to my sister in front of me.
Twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussysold pussy on backpage CEO tells Daily Show mentally retarded could work for 2 Youre worth what youre worth Shout out to all the bitches who dont have to dress half naked to get a mans attention.
Stay classy!
but if u flirt back its a problem bitch Im rich, bitch.
AO got bitches at home scrolling IG like ...
My favorite line so far has to be being blind must suck, because you cant ever be an asshole.
Made me ho Aw yall some hoes hating on that girl that looks like a dude When you see bae retweet or mention some hoe girl logic if I say bye I dont actually mean it
then dont fucken say bye you dumb bitch.
You a hoe I just thought you were cute thats why I kissed you Wetin happen ?our school will just be behaving like pussies So not ready for the new year, new me tweet bullshit to come You the same hoe you was last year Chill the fuck out This is a true ride or die bitch stfu hoe Im proud to be African American Proud African American
Im proud to be white Racist
I see people tweeting what if the purge comes to my city bitch the purge aint no tour Ann Coulter admits on FOX News that America has a negro problem.
Id go crazy if these animals like them grabbed my mama like that.
I aint going out like no bitch If I was a girl like that u would probably eat my pussy Jasper Damn I hate a bitch that like to argue and shit my nigga really tried to save his bitch lol Mothers Day is n 16 mins.
Twitter bitches have it all.
this is very annoying to me im gonna vomit out of annoyance bc i am a little bitch bitches be acting different!
when bitches spread rumors about you hoes be like im a virgin.
kim kardashian is making 200 million from in app purchases from her game.
and you all call her dumb, bitch shes a damn gen maybe
nobody
likes
bitch she stole my shit, what a little niglet.
I swear, a yung nigga use to wanna be a heartbreak kid Shawn Micheals Razor Ramon both had bitches Some bitches need to get a life Im a tall big booty bitch wtf lol Its 220 and me and Bruno still up in this bitch lol Then Im a loud outgoing bitch lol First I need some pussy tonight First off, fuck your bitch.
And the click you claim.
you tell ya business to ah bitch so I cant trust ya Lastnight hoe thats your work outfit what would u do?
that bitch down the stairs!
Its unfortunate that everyone thinks Im a bitch before they even meet me The day I have clear skin will be the day Im the happiest cockiest bitch alive My soul mate probably some ho around the corner wheres the girl I could pack this bowl with?
I know u out there hoe, quit playing Niqqas talk more then bitches these days.
Rick James aint even slap his bitches that hard lol and your response was bitch do I like pregnant?
Speaking of 09, that years pussy was phenomenal.
These hoes want my belvita If preferring to be barefoot makes me a basic bitch, sign me up.
when you tell the chickfila cashier thank you, but that bitch dont say my pleasure Listen here you beautiful bitch, Im about to fuck you up with some truth.
these bitches aint real.
mcm bc tomorrows 6 months Fuck everyone who said we wouldnt last.
Proved you bitches wrong not about you fag.
I miss you like crazy Ocho is approaching bitches People who focus on skin tones for dating someone are fucking retarded and brainwashed.
Man robin thicke all on black tv trying to get that pussy back Idc about yall bitches yo im laughing so hard lay is the unloyalist of hos
plea All tha bad bitches need to go to concert in bham tonight.
Bitch said I lie too much bitch you aint worth telling the truth too Tbh I left all my hoes alone When bitches spread rumors about you we gave bitches something to be mad about .
I be hatin when hoes be comin to me like Im finna save them bitch u better get out here and get it Monkey see monkey do hoes I hate a dumb bitch.
Pussy this pussy that bitch you didnt feed me.
You asked my to buy you a burger lmfaoooooo no bitch you not coming Thats fucked up when a bitch you fw , down talk you..
Then with hoes they claim they dont fw funny.
lol bitch run ya bands up..
You know Im dumbI hate a broke bitch.....
I hate em What you bitches fail to realize is these niggas dont really be moving on they still be fucking with that SAME BITCH hey dont call him a bitch Words from jac..
you about to get all the hoes now lol Dont message me your number and tell me to text you....
Is Nick Jonas a hoe for squeezing his dick?
Is Nick Jonas gonna have leaked nudes?
Is Nick Jonas less of a role model?
why these hoes acting like they not getting fucked sucking dick but I aint saying nothing I know u dawg hoes bck in style white bitches love cocaine When your man call you a bitch when yall arguing he dont think you really a bitch, you just actin like one We aint friends hoe 90 of niggas goofy and act like bitches YOU AINT LYIN So proud of mahanain she still a hoe tho Jeter to ARod.
From class to trash.
Who wants to chill on campus w me throw bibles at bitches taking the walk of shame Stop playin bitch you know Im MVP I hate it when a bitch know I dont fuck with her she really trying to talk to me like we cool nahh bitch foh you dont She was like I dont go to raider games.
They are ghetto and people get jumped lmao I was like well the shit sound lik need my dick sucked..fuck 1 bitch I need sluts When I hear an ugly bitch talk about another ugly bitch ...
U bitches aint paying my bills......so FUCK YOU When Tupac said I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy.
When Tyler the Creator said Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome.
shoutout to bitch you guessed it remix shit is he bein a bitch broke, no even though Obama is working on it, bitch, no I got something between so no Before I run from a niggah Ill lose the fight Mine too This ma niggah Bible You a hoe if you already got New Years Eve plans yeah bitches Idk why I love skinny girls they got good pussy lol oh godddddd , bitch is you really coming how late you gon be lls Ugly bitches definitely disguste me ewww yuck!
She said I got to many hoes I inhale white exhale nigger i hate when people ask who you tryna look good for?!
bitch myself bye bad bitches that shoot em up shit is cool but gimme some shit i can play in front of bitches my nigga...gimme some jiggy shit i ca ...
My ears look good hoe in yo background Keshun be like it aint nothing to cut that bitch nawl it aint thats how I drive you bitch Joseline in the audience mad than a bitch Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks youre a right cunt.
pussy I aint got no type...bad bitches is the only thing that I like Lifes a bitch, but thats the only love I know let my shirt go bitch its Aeropostale wtf is wrong with you When you deep in the pussy Cant believe I actually killed a cockroach.
smh you a bitch, that was probably ma nigga Eduardo yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing, bitch i be getting bread too Girl I wanna rip my dick off and throw it at your pussy.
I put my pants on one leg at a time, just like you guys.
But then I eat a plussize models pussy in my helicopter.
When u finger a bad light skin bitch If ya chick always getting into it wit other bitches u gotta tell her that shit aint fly, and its costly Bitch must have a 279.0 be related to Jesus then GPA or Legacy How this bitch get in niggas passing up good girls for hoes.
Women would put up with very little love as long as the man have money..gross bitches be with broke abus Surprising how big of a pussy Hulk is.
Never cared about how another bitch saw me.
I know who I am My bitch makes your bitch look like precious This bitch has a death grip on this niggas balls.
Fucking.
If you call a thug at this point, just say nigger cuz its So jus dont be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing lmao Want me to stamp bitches be saying anything to be down That shit can break you down if you lose a good girl, I guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up Always bro niggas get crazy in any weather This weather is trash OD,But we gon get c How u talkin to hoes bout bronem?............why u talkin to hoes bout bronem?
Bitches be fallin so Inlove w.
Niggass then he go get a new bitch they try go get a new nigga to try to forget about the That moment were u friend zone a bitch at 3am for calling u do u now way time it is please gtf out my face homie quan school is so pointless.
im just trying to pass the class and get out this bitch I am taking you serious....
Kik me back nigger answer you phone hoe, I heard boutcha Youre not the father !
What every Mexicannigger loves to hear.
Kick her in the cunt Too many faggots on here that think they can address me by my first name I wish I was a bird so I could constantly shit on the people I hate!
dude I had a video of these birds at my work fuckin whats with guys and fat bitches I will clearly never understand I could never mess around with someone elses man, like thats just clarifying your self as a side hoe.
Been my main nigguh since digital camera selfies Cant mean something to someone when they hittin up Otha bitches Can you get eye cancer from reading too many Michael Douglas pussyjuicethroatcancer jokes?
jinkies i lost my glasses!
velma in every fucking episode of scooby doo like damn bitch get contacts What yall hoes up to?
ugly bitch has blood on her hands for her whore ways yelling my feelings about self centered not to think for themselves bitches is gr8 If I ride up to your bitch in these then...homie consider yourself a single nigga .
Your bitch when my Skechers light up .
bitch text me goodmorning first, or something.
He invited that hick, Toby Keith, and I fucking hate that mongoloid!
I say nigger with love Bros before hoes, except chicks with no clothes Everywhere My ex girlfriends telling people I sell pills and coke.
Retweet if shes a bitch.
Durant HS I said thin mints bitch.
I blatantly believe that men look creepy as shit with a ghetto ass mustache Cinco De mind yo own damn business, bitch LMfAOOO this bitch tongue longer than some niggas dicks I dont gang bang ho, I jus gang bang these hoes Melo will be a bitch if he leaves, and well Lebron is jus a bitch regardless lol Sometimes I listen revisit them old albums often as I can skim through all them bitches to make sure I keep up with Farra from teen mom has 2 sex tapes on pornhub lmao hoe ass I almost ran this fine red bitch over.
Damn lol they trash though?
50 shades of shut your bitch ass up Meet me and my bitches I know bitches who sell pussy for 3.5s bitch do I entertain you?
Cause you always seem to be in my business Jessica ass dont need no more liquior !!!!
when the bitch drinks she forgets everything the very next day !
it never fa u aint sailor moon bitch Fuck the Islamic State!!
We will kill those cunts Instagram needs to stop being a bitch!
I hate a bitch that constantly call herself ugly.
That shit is so annoying man Nah bitch you aint just gone go off on me and just want me back 5 minutes later.
Im playing 2k until further notice Pussy niggas dont get no pussy nigga When the neighborhood freak throw you some pussy and you dont catch it I watched my followers drop like flies when they started seeing shit that made them upset lol take salt bitch My momma talm bout these kids party more than their parents TF duh, why would you think its ok for you to pussy pop at New York bitches be like LMFAOO fuckin skyler white is such a bitch Happy Monday bitches.
Just wanted you to know, yes you can Dont ever fucking forget how amazing and strong you are.
Overthinking can and will fuck up the simplest things.
Lighten up bitches.
well aint this bout a bitch ...
BRUH If you brush off a guys compliment just because you have a boyfriend, youre a bitch Pissed in shower, now checking for yellow legs.
Lol this is why I dont fuck with so many bitchesdont call her a bitch I have no hoes man.
I dont need those though I need to pick mines back up Text someone That pussy was so good!
If thats what makes these fat bitches sleep at night shit nigga dont complain.
Now you got room for hella nudes from hoes
Trueeee, Ill hy On boys im a retard sometimes all the time bitch spoil me U a nurse you a clown boy You music is trash....
I dare you say something back I bury your Bit I think Imma patent disposable douche, in ketchup type packages.
Bitches can be sanitary and discreet.
For the hoe onthe Trey Songz reply to Nicki Minaj ...
That nigga spoke the truth on looking ass bitches lmao ...
I knew someone was gonna once at a gradeschool dance i tried to do the worm to impress this bitch and i slammed my dick on the unforgiving ceramic poly ratchets..
Cant stand poly bitches in general they loud, annoying, and they talk too much..
I SANG FOR YOU, YOU NAZI
beaner A hoe gone be a hoe Swear these hoes aint got nothing on me i hate a bitch that think she the shit, bitch you basic as the fuck Llamf cumin wit better bars already bitch boiz yall dun fukd all da way up I got called a faggot for buying girl toms so now Im gonna fuck that person in the ass idkmadz tbh Ive seen you in recess at the monkey bars but I was too busy getting beat up lol !
Bitch ur pussy smell like beef crank that shitty pussy yuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaa ur pussy smell like dumpster juice Aint got time for stupid bitches K Michelle pussy smell like shit bitch you gorgeous I got Twitter, Facebook, Instagram..
The Fuk Yuh Mean send u a pic ?..
Paybacks a bitch it really is!
Dont eat pussy until she show you the Vagfax Fucking nosey ass bitch I swear lol Hope you got what you wanted bitch.
Rt nigga bitch him I will never date a female with another niggah name on her lol .
Wtf .
Im a star jones man myself, I love that big bitch White ppl will call Mexicans beaners and claim they taking their jobs but have sugar skull tattoos Naw deez aint no 24s hoe u gota add 4 mo ...
My stroke game stale so I gotta eat the pussy like a husky dike.
Im gonna rock out with my cock out, and youre gonna jam out with your clam out Hoes be like go talk to one of your hoes....
I be like you are one of my hoes I know cunt nugget her pussy stay wet when shes around me gotta lick it till she wetter then never before lohanthony is such a little bitch he doesnt even like the girls and he gets followed i dedicate my life to them and i ge a loyal girl really truly does come with a smart mouth and arguments.
only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she g SpiderMan was a bitch highkey tho Cumming in her pussy was love Yeah I checked my connection, I have fucking wifi.
Did you check if you were being a lil bitch nigga?
you aint pose to tell his main bitch bout his side bitches yall niggas is hoes.
when his hoes thought it was over i hate hype ass bitches, like ...
a my niggar thank you so much sure means a lot no need to compete with other women theres only one of me, and shit...
im that bitch you the whitest person on my TL but you always so ghetto.
Im sick of it You are the biggest two faced bitch I have ever met.
You wont her People beg to see womens bodies but the minute theyre seen that woman is now a hoe oh okay When a sideline hoe gets mad, BITCH SHUT UP!
You was okay with being second ALL this time, now all of sudden its a probl Bitches tweets be like...
I wanna suck some dick
then be like...
bitch why be negative when you can be positive fucking smile you beautiful bitch Trust no bitch so many hoes, it should be an ethnicity out here sending hoes clean off fse !!!!
I wasnt put on earth for a bitch not to like me I damn for sure dgaffff Bae If I win you dont get no pussy tonight
Me Shiiiiiit...
It used to be a shame to be hoeprostitute, with social media they call it hustling lol If I were to say be my girlfriend would you believe that I dropped all my hoes for you?
Ohioans clowned on Kid like, Its sooo warm here!
What the fuck is wrong with Minnesota?
Well that bitch Karma teamed wit They sound like soulless cunts If you think your mans cheating, you take him to that bitches house and see if his wifi connects Dolph in this hoe...
Bout to rock dj holiday show!!!!
ew shes so ugly who is that hoe My pussy popz Severely Flavaaaaa in ya ear, that hoe live lol Ya lil dumb ass bitch ian fwy Ha ha real name is HaSean where yall get these ghetto ass names from?
ready to make today my bitch.
Alex Rodriguez you lucky only the Ryan Dempster hit you.
I going to get my camel to break your neck you son of a bitch Justin Bieber win Oscar for suck my balls you dead dog midget dick son of a bitch My I learn the English from that jabroni big bird but I break his fucking neck Wake up you dumb son of a bitch hello you are now official big time pussy Sarah burkes pussy b like then u have the annoying HIT ME I DARE YOU ass bitches always tryna test a big ass 6ft linebacker ass dude..
girl if you Why do niggas settle for easy bitches ?
Like dont yall wanna bitch that challenges you to better yoursel Every bitch got a nigga that she gone always fuck with.
All these bitches somewhere coughing like a mug ESPN has Jason Whitlock on PTI ass kissing for mister Charlie to justify the bullshit the Eagles did to D.
Jackson Every man cant have a bad bitch.
But in this country if you got 100 cash r willing to go where poverty roams, you Every time you sleep with two women in a day it proves this country has a problem educating bitches about their self w If your man is happy in his next relationship your fucked up ways are a blessing bitch Its a got damn shame bitches wit raw ass dick sucking skills are not wifey material.
Long finger dike hoes be pulling off their gloves instead of winking at bitches they trying to suck No man has ever aborted a baby even if he have her on it.
Abortion bitches will soon meet god they baby to face th People who r mentally stable know when to beat their kids when to talk to them.
Clubs hoes stop by dads should n The WNBA superstars can suck pussy while on top of da world but when they stop playing da thousands r gone they sett This bitch wit a baby ask me to switch seats so the family could be together.
I said bitch my family wasnt together?
Twitter family, I promise to put my tour schedule up today as soon as I have this pussy hustlin girl I pay for service When gay girls suck pussy from a bitch who just took a plan B pill the other day that means the munching hoe ate plans You are who you kick it wit yall.
Check yo squad if busters blameamotherfucker ass bitches surround U its twice a Me and ma niggah In the Func fucccccccked upppppp Im Here On!!!
Dat shit trash
A shirt inspired by s emoji tattoo.
Preorder now The Game Beats 40 Glocc in LA Full Video via this bitch 40 cop cant be s Does SZA have freckles on her pussy too?
probably the one you wont spell out, you fucking hacks The price of pussy in Toronto has now declined to one Henessey bottle and a quarter pounder combo with large fries.
Making today my bitch Viola Davis sans wig is still stuntin on you hoes in the most classically beautiful way.
This bitch just blew my high and i was high off all of these drugs joseline did not sneak athea , if a bitch you dont like coming at you like that you still sit yo ass onnat couch THATS I told you to unfollow that bitch but you aint wanna listen Barbie Words go from babe to bitch, I love you to I hate you, I need you to forget you, youre my everything to youre nothing.
fuck these bitches My music taste goes from ghetto black girl to depressed white girl.
I will fight a bitch for Austin thats my gringo right there aint no one messing with my white chocolate drop Apr 29th 1997 released the album Kill.Fuck.Die http This kid is wearing HUF socks and a Dont Sweat My Swag sweatshirt.
And Im like leave some pussy for the rest of us dude dumb bitch ruined a perfectly good sweater if ya bitch mad tell ha Ill put ha own Mary Jane my only bitch I hate when bitter bitches try to take away someones happiness.
bitches be trying the wrong bitches dont even be knowing..
Guys be like Man, fuck that bitch!
But deep inside, they miss that bitch, still love that bitch, want that bitch If your girlfriend doesnt like that bitch.
You dont talk to that bitch.
this bitch just said I hope it snows like hell this summer now How in the actual FUCK do you expect that to happen?
No bitch u were not born with 7 pounds of sephora and MAC on ya face, thats not ya natural face Old soul?
More like young bitch.
rt if u a broke bitch with expensive taste Only low self esteem niggas walk around braggin about bitches he fucked!
They have something to prove to ppl you had me at eating pussy.
Dumb bitch this bitch just blew my high i was off all of dese drugs...
when bae sings it aint nun to cut that bitch off with too much enthusiasm We always bitch about the opposite sex when were equally just as scandalous.
Hypocrisy at it Aye little bitch yall niggas hirin?
Where da hoes at...
CMon thru at Hatchys in Utica TDT about to rock dis biiaaaatch.
If a nigga can tell hoes hes taken , hes a real nigga .
could never kiss up to a bitch or follow up being someone.
not my cup of tea , you hoes look foolish when the pussy so good u forget to pull out shut the fuck up dumb bitch i hate a i dont text first type bitch Squad up bitch nigga I fucked ur bitch after I got bingo Damn girl that pussy talkin Im keeled over nigga Ridin round blowin loud, fuck hoes by the crowd.
Lil Reeses verse on My Lil Niggas is a str8 hip hop classic These Thots keep saying all niggas want is pussy....Well bitch wtf else does your broke, non cooking, ass have to off 1?
What a fuckin EGO bust.
me Its all they know you bitches never gonna b happy following these social sites You want a hot body?
You better be born into wealth, bitch.
what you still doing up my nig i wish they made a hoe fax .
id be like show me the hoe fax before dateing a girl .
bitches will fuck a nigga with money knowing he aint buying her shit.
but wont fuck a broke nigga that would give her his Im really chill.
I talk to everyone, Im far from being a stuck up bitch.
you used to be the shit but now you aint shit bitch hes a beaner not a nigga Some these bitches got birkins and dont even have cars on the island..
Let alone furniture Whered you get the beauty scar tough guy, eating pussy ..
Jen Bitch Daquan dropped your kids off today
Keisha Bitch I dont got kids
Jen not no more bitch I swallowed em these bitches These hoes got no chill Like, when youre a hoe, how do u sleep at night?
Icepick punk bitch blood in the mosh pit Somebody find this bitch fuck her.
She aint had no good dick fucking With this fat nigga.
bad bitches get in free night at weenie hut jrs hoes on my jitterbug need a bad bitch who knows how 2 treat a pokemon master right That bitch aint loyal.
i have never screamed so much like a little bitch just from A FUCKING VIDEO GAME IM LEAVING EARTH IGGBYE Charles Mansons fiancee will have a difficult time planning their honeymoon.
fuck you say bitch?
I will kill you bitches hanging in the salty spatoon, tweetin y cant I find a good guy You guys are all the best love you nig nogs recent studies have shown that ur a lil bitch Happy teen wolf!
Heres me with getting ready to bitch slap a berzerker Merry Christmas, everyone!
Unless youre a fucking bitch then literally just go.
This bitch is the nugget filling at McDonalds Claw that ass!
when u see that bitch who was talkin shit on twitter in public...
one, two, three, four, how many niggers are in my store?
This is the life nigger did that bitch ever get out of ludacriss way?
what bitch tried to kill Kendrick Lamars vibe?
bitch ass nigga square up Californias biggest retards.
nigger A fully grown niglet ur typical twitter hoe 1, 2, 3, 4...
how many niggers are in my store, I knooooooow your stealing!
I dont know why I go on that pancake face bitchs twitter.
My brains a bitch.
I love giving myself the heimlich maneuver every mo None of my bitches judge me they love me dont think they would like me if i was any other way bitches be like but still be in everybodys business some girls be using halloween as an excuse to act like hoes and get away with it smh i aint gonna text first cus pride bitch if we date u dont even gotta worry bout me talking to other hoes cus I aint got any she said i want a man who can pick me up during sex bitch you lucky i picked you up at all gas prices high as hell side hoe lets make us official
me Did that bitch from Frozen ever let it go?
Did those bitches from Frozen ever build a snowman?
My type a bitch
Lmao yass Girls go talk to your other hoes game too strong We live In a world full of unloyal hoes ugly niggas asking for hugs When u with yo main bitch and you see yo side bitch in public In other news your bitch cook for me.
this bitch got the itunes terms and conditions tattooed on her suck my duck
thot lol looks like ur autocorrect changed dick to duck
i meant what i said bitch 6 God by Drake is trash thank you Black girls have never been into me.
I guess cause I dont call them hoes, sell drugs or shoot niggas o well.
Fuck dat pussy nigga in the blue doe Prediction Obama will leave the Democratic Party in shambles oh gosh, I hope so payback really is a bitch Mean girls are just honest bitches.
everyone always says girls are really bitchy, no.
some boys are fucking inconsiderate bitchy cunts it is actually disgu Ane is a cunt Why yall hoes in such a hurry to be single mothers?
Fake bitch hey girl
Me pussy pussy pussy i smell ya frum bout a mile away I have 0 hoes lmfao Too many bitches is shady got dhem hoes !
niggas aint shit but hoes with dicks Shout out to all you girls that wear those holy cross leggings but got a pussy thats full of sin raising asia....
that lil bitch could dance bruh lmfao hicks I love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem Ratchet hoes wear flip flops that curl up and turned black like souls of slaves walked in them yo girl pussy stank This tweet stinks There is no suck thing as a faithful bitch in Washin Nigga messed with the wrong bitch steals your bitch No, you stupid redneck, Animal Husbandry does NOT mean you can get hitched to your blue tick hound, Misty.
Big booty bitches with...
Ass Tits I use the word cunt very loosely Currently taking over ur bitches brain with my creativity and wierdness.
Respect the man with vision and a gang of bitches to follow it.
Share your feelings but if iss some hoe shit, keep it to yourself.
Im bout to make this day my bitch fuck you up fucking skank ass cunt Huntley High School is the most retarded high school ever.
This bitch tried to give my dick a hickey Am I wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the interrogation roomhell noooopussy ass n I did use to buy 2 tees n wear both dem bitches at the same timelame ass lol Im steady hearin bout these suppose to be tuff street niccas gettin fuccd n dey ass smh gay boyssmh sad they aint een kno I was in that bitch When youre stressing over someone then realize you got hoes ..
Enough with the mind fuck and pass me the fucking nachos, cunt.
If you dont give your bf head youre a lame bitch and hes probably cheating on you with a bitch the suck his shit dr These hoes aint loyal!
Only Southerners know the difference between redneck and white trash.
No matter how many times kids fuck me over I will never become I pussy.
Only real bitches suck dick Dont be 32 on here and saying all my friends and everyone I know has a baby.
Well bitch.
to that niggah Go follow remember that one bitch ass you ate out last week lmao niggah this is twitter my Kenosha bitches cant be trained like my Florida bitches this niggah was tripping over everybody Damn my niggah side bitch got him making her a sandwich Free my niggah I asked whats the definition of a preppy white girl and this niggah said Starbucks I took yo job bitch Nooo I left my papers in the basement n my niggah getting some cakes down there .
The way this niggah just flinched at this movie was This niggah said her lips dry ass hell lmao To that cunt who said she wont ppl who use foul language because it lacks intelligence...
bitch, let me introduce y Yung nation riot .
Still bump that hoe damn where you on house arrest at ?
yup in tht bitch like All yall bitches corny lolrt Lol the thirst be so real on dis bitch Well I just got conformation that is your body count is five or above, its high and you a hoe iont Like yall always talking.
Not even tryna be funny thou rns bitch I do 9, 10 now youre having my twins.
7, 8 get that pussy ate you We all know dumb bitches like this Multi till I die bitch believe that...
I want subway cookies dem bitches do sound good rn Not sparing no hoes You can definitely tell whos a whore by what bitches wear when its slightly warm out..
if i was to really be straight bold bitches will hate me man youre a little bitch, and Im straight up rude.
You hoes are lost.
A mexican bitch better win the crown!
Pet peeve is finding out a cute guy has hoes.
Lol Imma start handing out guides manuals cause you bitches wanna be me so bad Ill fuck a bitch real quick some of yall hoes can spend 300 on bundles, have a mk purse with a matching wallet, have your nails done but dont ev 1 good girl is worth 1,000 bitches people still fail to realize that blaxican I let these bitches talk.
These hoes for everybody.
you dont want to play csgo youre a bitch!
no I wont play fucking league of legends that game is shit I its funny when sluts say u just mad cause Im 100 real its like no bitch cuz u actually about 65 water gtfo u a 10?
on the pH scale maybe cause you basic hoe Ugly bitch prolly so cockeyed she lookin at the dick and balls up close at the same time while suckin at the same time When you realize you got no hoes Smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music I bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit real shit And fell in love with pussy he never even got....
I Be Like
Fuck!
Man fuck
bitch ass I bitch about unnecessary things lol Obama a bitch.
Why is Arizona hot as hell and then literally 5 minutes later its fuckin Hurricane Katrina up in this bitch I was HEAD FIRST EVERY TIME FOR YOU.
but now Im pussy?
Fck all you hoes.
Catch a grip!
Damn babe sike forever fucking with basic bitches Had a crush on a bitch with a man I tried to show her that I could treat her better but I never had no luck Dick will have bitches selling their own mothers soul..
Inconsistent dick at that.
Dick that they know isnt staying.
Yall Virgo bitches gotta chill thinking yall Beyonc Wtf he peed on this bitch Ill cut his shit These hoes aint loyal I sent that bitch a smiley face, bitches love smiley faces If u aint never had a pregnancy scare your pussy trash ladies Fuck half the bitches at Mount Rainier i only fucks wit a few If you know he has a girlfriend dont be that little bitch, respect it and move on.
You put my number on blocklist?
Ill make all them hoes topless.
If rather fukk a bitch dat fukks eryday den fukk dat bitch who try to hol n be a cold whore n da sheets i cnt een look at Hoes tweets be like put that dick in my throat I wont choke then when you ask them about it they say its a song hoe wh because theyre all fucking two years old acting like I wont mind being tagged bitch I will violate you free wop Dont want a good girl, hoes is his choice she a hoe yearround, yeezy taught me If a bitch says eeeeeee she a hoe miley cyrus, macklemore adam levine all got together n were like lets gets the most retarded fucking hair cuts ever Approach yo bitch like ppl from the uk go dumb hard when they curse they be like YOU SHITTING CUNT I be like dam cunts cant shit fuck you dude!
talk shit to my friend I will beat your ass bitch nah these bitches up harbor city Gabbys a bitch made Jackie make the tea packet first.
Gabbys a bitch turned on my xbox with her nasty foot..
who let gabby get drunk off of her ass?
give that bitch bread...bitches love bread.
fuck a bitch and think of me just a bunch of rednecks hammered for three straight days Building a dresser really makes me crave an ice cold glass of pussy am I right dudes youre a fucking queer You need to at least not be a bitch 127 to date me I immediately become the biggest bitch when Im sick.
Like I just need to be taken care of lmao There no such thing as too much pussy .
all i ever asked for was patience, patience pussy but mostly patience..
you cant question snoop dogg he a OG he told us not to love these hoes.
Full retard NAR blaming slow April sales on winter weather.
god i hate tom coughlin ol ass fuckboy ass geriatric ass pussy ass bitch and pass that bitch if one of your followers sell pussy but hop on Twitter like they got all the morals and class if you fucked a bitch that fucked EVERY nigga in your state to spam this bitch ass nigga Migos RT!
All soldiers in this video executed by Jihadis from RT!!
You pussy whipped for only following tho....
RT I wonder How much pussy justin bieber gets.....
RTin your own shit now pussy what a joke youd end up just like all the rest no show chicken shit mother fucker RT, If You Agree!
says looks like A monkey, who belongs in an African zoo ROFL!
Raaaayciss bitch Michelle Obama AfricanAmericans Should Vote for Democrats via Rack city bitch !
But ion have no hoes so we cant take that ride Rambo bout to flex on these hoes Ran here from my house too...
Im kinda retarded.
Lol Rand went full retard some time ago isnt playing the game...
hes just retarded.
Rap bitches prolly scared of Remy ma lol Rape a ho Ben!
Lol Ratchet lol ass lol bitch Raunchy ass hoe.
Raunchy ass to pussy action with Sakurako offering up her holes foruse Ray Rice bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ray Rice is a bitch his wife is stupid for staying by his side.
Ray rice had that bitch of the xans and the lean all in one punch Reading the ut sexual assault case takes me back 2 college.Ill never forget D Walk would say dont run trains on them hoes.Straight Trouble Ready to bounce out dis bitch Real Niggas and Bad bitches have 2 things in common.
Youre both ignorant as fuck neither of you know that youre Kings and Queens.
Real bitches who really hungry wont be out here arguing with bitches on twitter straight flexin Real love hard to find when these bitches try to fake it with me Real niccas relate fuk niccas perpetrate Real nigga need a real bitch.
Real niggas let real bitches come Real niggas let real bitches cum first Real niggas speaking bitch u better listen....
Real niggas treat me with respect and youre a pussy, nigga.
Real nigs uck with me and I dont give a uck who dont Real shit.
Now if the bitch want some grapes or something, THATS different.
Real shit I love eating pussy.
Real talk I really aint fully trusted a bitch since Instagram and twitter became popular Really Barnicle?
OJ or Anthony Weiner?
Really aint nuttin to cut that bitch off Really bitch?
Really bitch?
The current lack of sunglasses...
Prepare the bitch face.
3 hours to find paper work is retarded.
Tarrant County Courts suck.
Reathie phone jumping out the gym finna cut this bitch off Reathie scared thenna bitch Receipts?
Lol Red Sox fans bitch the loudest about right field.
Red bitch with me dark skin friend callin talkin bout come and get me Ref finally calls it when its an arm ball but those hoes didnt count the hand ball in the Mexico game.
K Reina Yoshii in cock blowing threesome with her hairy pussy teasingcock Remember when I said Uchihas are faggots?
Remember when I told yall bout my coworker not lookin out a couple weeks back?..
Karmas a hoe, got his ass.
Remember when I would spank everyone in meme wars?
Because I do Remember when black girls out numbers in front of shit.
Im 9 hungry You 7 stupid hoe Reminiscin on my swinger days, when I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported a finger wave Repeat after me Where my bitches?
Retweet to spam this faggot Dick going Rick is not a bitch.
Ricky is such a bitch when it comes to girls Riding in that ooo bitch its nasty Riding my quad with this bitch Riding wit my old dude ..
Dis nicca bangin Rihanna just slaying any bitch Rihanna must got the holy grail of pussy Rihannas Favorite Thing About White House Visits My President Being Black Poking whiteynot wise..
Rikanya get this bitch out my DM Rise up, gonna get higher and higher!
Its all hips and nips, otherwise I aint eating!
Roman on GTA IV is a pussy.
Ronnie Radkes a fucking fag.
Fronz owns his ass.
Ronny kamm is a pussy Rosco would get jealous though.
He a bitch Roses be red Orchids be bigger Donts tell yo daddy You fuckin a nigger
Ross a bitch for not responding Ross got Amber Rose naked these hoes aint loyal wiz Ross text me back you twat Round on you hoes Rows for the hoes
Planks for the skanks
Deep cuts for the sluts
No pecs No sex Roy Hibbert so trash.
Rt stop being a hoe sheesh I want 3 boys Rt When I see you walk up I think hoe Rt for a Hdm everybody block bitches too Rule number one never pursue a bitch from da ova side Rule number two dont trust nobody especially a bitch with a hookers body Ruley a bitch ry Run in ya spot, smash ya hoe fuck on ya couch Run it in her pussy like a crash dummy.
Run it up first , these hoes come later Run out with the baldhead bitch thing....
Run that nigga, you dont want that nigga, but I need a bad bitch thats hotter than me Runnin so much game I fuck around lap a bitch..
Running dangerously low on cigarettes these bitches better last me till Monday or Tuesday Russian roulette that hoe Rusty hoe to bumpin 2 me SO for keeping me sane when Im a cunt SO To all the hoes waiting up for that goodnight text..
Bitch please, that nigga dont love you SO the young bitches females SO to flowing wells varsity soccer tomorrow yall are playing ironwood Kick their asses.
Im pretty sure this fag is playing SO to my Luus.
These are down bitches!
Dont fuck with them.
SO to my favorite nigger to work on the plantation just remember next time, ask for the watermelon.
SO to the fine bitch at Walmart Just now.
Melted me at the ankles 00 SO to this hoe tonight ol hating ass So that real bitch So to dat bitch ass nigga in Alabama who wanna kill me So to my ace boon one of the few of the real girls on campus!!
So to my old hoes..So to my new hoes!!!
So to the homie niggah stay making bomb food when we high af SEE!!
I TOLD yall Nikko was holding her ass up!!
That bitch aint got no upper body strength!!!
SEnd yall bitch asses fishing with us We aint beat San Antonio all season I dont wanna play them nigguhs SHIT!
I want a bitch so bad that Id eat her in front of her kids!
PLEASE go text your Mexican bitch, because Im not Finna deal witcho childish ass SMH Maybe they dont wanna be actual whores.
If you have wet pussy, you shouldnt have a dry purse SOO guys those tweets are bullshit.
And if the bitch is to stupid what she wants then she not stupid Its that she doesnt want u STFU BORIS FAGJO!
Cause he a faggot!!
Bran prolly real nurturing lol STOP texting these hoes good morning!
bitch im serious Sad that girls look up to Kim so much.
Like damn she got famous from being a hoe, and making sex tapes.
Sadboy bitch we worldwidee Said you a mean bitch Sakurako legs spread wide as she takes a big cock deep in hertwat Salute Spit on my chest like a nasty bitch.
Salute a real nicca Sam is hands down easily no doubt in a million years my least favorite character, such a little bitch!
Sam is such a bitch, Ronnie got in a fight because of you Same bitches they be all in my face bout how they couldnt do it , be the same bitches all on his dick Same hoe said I couldnt get it tryna kick it.
Same hoes with they ass out tonight gonna be singing Jesus Loves Me in the morning Same niccas tryna be around me ..
Same people bitchin about jetpacks and shit in AW are counting down the days until it comes out buncha fags.
Same reason u look like anthony davis with them eyebrows Why the fuck do niggers act so different when girls are around?S Same shit But your bm tho?
If my ex wanna go fuck my enemy, may God be with her.
That was back when i found myself listening to mad real hip hop.
Zero bitches in sight Savage can fuck right off, shirty cunt Saw a vine of Kobe calling Dwight Howard you a bitch ass nigga Saw my dog humpin this female dog the other day.
Now the female is waiting outside my door for a quick hook up.
My dog gets bitches!
Saw this bad bitch today Saw this little freshman ho with what looked like spiked dog collar stupidest shit ever so everytime I saw her I said so sexy lmao Saw three GROWN men on a motorcycle that bitch was barely moving lmao what the hell Say Im wrong but I can treat that pussy right Say it again Alotta you bitches standards are niggas thats outta yall league Say it to me when I confront you pussy fuck Say its all about the hoes when its all about ou, even when Im with my hoes, I tell em all about you Say my fuccn name hoe!
Say my fucking name hoe Say what ya want but if Im single and I have the opportunity to have a dick in my ass AND pussy at the same time, Ima take it.
Say what you want about , but that bitch has pipes!
Say you love that bitch so much Ill kill yo ass in front of her Say you love that bitch so much Ill kill you right in front of her Saya Natsukawa gets her pussy fucked and licked by two hornyJapaneses.
Scandal A Negro Bed Wenchs Fairytale and propaganda via A must see for Hebrew Daughters of Zion!
Scary bitches on Twitter never the nigga the have a crush on, always on some oomf shit School ghetto as fuck School sucks more dick than the hoes who attend it.
Scientists have recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, Be trippin Scott told me at work today he wants to come over to get me drunk and then seduce my girlfriend...
Ill kill you bitch Scrappy got the hoes ..
Its 3 of em on stage I wonder how many in the audience Scrappy mom run all his bitches away Screaming like a lil bitch Screaming money over hoes nigga you aint fuck shit Sean Kingston look like a Facebook dyke Search the terms Obama and Twinkie and get a bunch of people rehashing the same handful of jokes while having no idea why Hostess failed Seaside smell like stank ass pussy bruh Seattle Mayoral Election this year.
A choice between a bunch of women, nonwhites, and faggotsfag lovers.
Second time these gentrified bitches got on my nerves this morning.
Secondary playing like hoes.
Seconds from the end whats it gonna be, pull the trigger bitch Seconds from the end, whats it gonna be, pull the trigger bitch.
See ima stop getting on this here Twitter arguing with you hoes......stupidity is a trait that I DONT NOT FUCK WITH See bitches ruin sports kobe dont play no damn football.
See my nig today somebody who understands the music like me !!
See niggas they be mad and all these hoes go See two of his bitches in the cluuuuub What he do for a living?
See when you paid them bitches pay attention but when you broke you never mentioned so fuck em and keep it strictly pimpin See why these pussies need their guns!
See you fags in 8 hours See you on the side bitches.........
he already know he a faggot lmao Seeing elder queer couples marry really is emotional.
Seeing so many basic bitches rn Seeing ugly bitches get pregnant lets me know that nigga swill fuck anything with a pussy.
You was pressed Seem like da colored folk be gettin in da way lately.
I just sayin Seen Glo eat a twat on stage watching that shit.
And get eaten in the middle of a populated concourse, if I aint mistaken...
Seen it all before , bitch got a man but she scheming on the Low Seen niccas come up ...
Go back from where you came.
Send me an emojii and Ill tweet why your a pussy Send that bitch a smiley face.
Bitches love smiley faces Sendin the link to Wishy Washy to my old hoes Senior privileges bitch Serious question what do white boys pull up on bitches bumpin?
Seriously if youre living at someones place for free the least you could do is help keep it clean Seriously, retarded is a really funny word.
Unlike Gabby.
Seven digits niggas, two commas hoe.
Sex should be a reward in a relationship.
Nigga has never done anything for you whatsoever yet you still give him the pussy...smh Sex with whoever I want whenever I want?
My girl give me good pussy all the time.
Sexy Japanese slut fingers and toys her pussy on the steps squirting her juice allover Sexy ass yellow bone Sexy bitch lame nigguh Sgp still in bitches dms Sht!!!!
If K Michelle was apart of Baltimore twitter shed be one of them hoes saying shes celibate smh Shantrell tryna fight bitches in da clinic n shut She wanna wait til uh bitch sick to try to bump Shara fuck you in Ya pussy.
Sharkeisha isnt dead youre all retarded lop Shaved pussy ho gets serious anal sexhere!
But she didnt have to get these big ass implants fucc She a bird for that ...
Shit was disrespectful!
She a dirty bitch and I dotn have a doubt She a dyke if one side of her head is faded out She a hoe cause your boyfriend want her?
she scary cause she dont talk shit like yall?
she ugly cause you dont like her?
She a true boss bitch I respect her She actin b00gie around u cuz she used to them things u cant supply.
Fuckin wit mee..cuz Mr.He aint shit be the first to take a niqqa bitch She actin like a hoe i dont want her, id rather just smoke my marijuana She be on some real shit n stay on some chill shit ..
She be thinking she throwing that pussy back so good and all she doing is throwing ya nut process off She been a hoe all summer but soon as the fall weather hit shell probably forget about all that and be a good girl again.
Thats the cycle She bet not put me on her gram I got bitches on the gram She bitch goddess thinks she owns New York?????
She burned that bitch She cares tho.
Lol A trolling bitch is a lonely bitch.
She come to visit and the pussy too good, she gotta move to the city within 3 months after yall first fuck or it aint gon work.
She dont get emojis until after I bag, emojis are pussy shit She dont wanna fuck me she wanna fuck my wrist..
tell her like young dro fuck dat bitch!
She feelin a young niggah She fuck with me cause I aint no bitch .
She fuckin wit a young niggah She get a bunch of money, spend it all on drugs, mobbin with her bitches, never fall in love She give away that pussy like loose change She gon look over these bitches like terms and conditions...
She gonna pop that pussy for a real niggaa She got arrested for domestic violence against him!!
Ugh bitch She got ass, this bitch got hips, this bitch got thighs.
This bitch here fine, this bitch here bad, she all the way live.
She got every niggah lookin like dam She got me like fuck that bitch She in the mall she balling bitch buy something for me She is not a whore she a ho She just wanna run around the city and make memories that she can barely remember and Id allow her, talk about pussy power.
She just want her pussy ate, she aint gon text u back afterwards who wants to hang out She kept whispering in my ear jasmin, you are so damn fine.....I said bitch, jasmin is over there She know my ex bitch she think she got next she fucced a gang of niggas threw that pussy off dec !
She know that im that niggah She like bitch you know I got next, yasss She like to argue so I sent dat bitch to law school She make me wanna take things slow but I cant even trust a hoe She must not know I got over 3,000 followers breh this bitch gotta get the fuck up outta this VIP section dawg she decreasing my value She reps that O13
Only the baddest of bitches She said aye whass hannin lil bitch lol She said pop can u make it rain I said bitch Im a water bearer I bring da flood Ill make you drown She said she dont like the fact that I smoke cigarettes.
Well sorry Mrs.LadyBitch I dont like the fact that youre a hoe She said to bring a bitch of mine done She say her pussy hairy ...
I wana see She say she can do that same thing as 5 bitches , She say she want a nigga like me But that bitch mad cause she cant be my wifey She say that she was married well so is me she say her pussy hairy I wanna see She says i act different, she thinks that its them bad bitches, Naw babe its just you and the thought of you being my misses..
She sent me one back, but I aint even read it.
Cause pussys only pussy and I get it when I need it..
She suckin on my dick, cuz Im a pretty bitch She talkin shit????
That bitch look like a Linebacker!
She the reason Im quick to dip out on a bitch.
She think she bad but my bitch meaner She threw that pussy in a circle, I wanted her to throw it in a pentagon tho She told me that she love me I looked at and said bitch stop She told me trust no bitches and watch yo homies She tried to get you to rob the Wop but now the bitch in critical She used to fuck wit AAP, Too Shortsaid he know that bitch from way back She wanna talk shit..
but then have a friendship ..
fuck you bitch and I hope u offended She was like ima need you to write a statement.
Bitch write yourself a diet!
Its always the old people trying to snitch, bitch She wonder why im into her when all these hoes be into me Shes The key to world peace.
Hippo is such a pussy magnet Gawd Shes a dumb bitch.
Extra shit unnecessary Lol relationship goals Shes aint being a bitch, shes just tired of your bullshit.
Her attitude towards you is based upon how you treat her.
Sheeple just like OH those racist sexist teabaggerswho just elected these two old white men.
Shiiiit , drops you a couple extra dollars on that hoe.
Shine on them hoes Shine on them hoes, let em know that you run shit !
Shine on them hoes, let em know you run shit !
Shirley Temple was a bad bitch when she was my age as well.
Shit I have stalkers and obsessed bitches and crazy ex bitches after me.
My life is wonderful Shit is fucking retarded, no one wants to see this shit Shit is trash Shit that Seth says, Its fatter than my cunt.
Shit where the gay bitches at ?
Come be witcha girl tonight Shittin on all my old hoes Shoot dat nigga n his shordy bitch Shoot dice let yo hoe fade me Shoot out wit yo niccas you da type to throw da Pistol Shoot that nigga his shorty bitch Shoot that nigga an his shorty bitch .
Shoot you and your shorty bitch Shot out to my main bitches and my side bitches Should I expect good pussy or good but not good for you pussy from a Tampico drinker?
Should I tell this hoe who she look like cdfuuu Shoulda put retard mikey on AHS freakshow Shouldnt be liVing stank pussy should never be ate Shout out to babes !
Love that bitch.
Shout out to everyone that puts up with my retarded ass.
Shout out to you ungrateful, inconsiderate bitches...
Shoutout that real bitch Shoutout to my Mamma cause she Aint Raise no hoe Shoutout to this bitch for unfollowing me like I didnt noticed you like my pics just to unlike them Shoutouts to my main bitches my side bitchess !!
Shouts out to all my goth bitches Shouts out to my down ass bitches who never give a nigga a hard time!
Show last night was badass thanks to everyone who came out.
If you didnt come out youre a retard.
Unless you were at Cock Sparrer Shower rod that hoe Shreks on bitches Shrug.
Maybe its a Canadian bitch thing Shut the fuck up and quit being such a pussy hahahah Shut the fuck up you fucking cunt!
Shut the fuck up.
I sent my sister a picture of a mini brownie and she was like is that a shroom like I wish!
Shut up bitch i wasnt gonna roast.
Shut up bitch swallow Shut up bitch you beat off to your sister.
Shut up bitch.
Im trying to sleep Shut up faggot Shut up hoe Shut yo new year, new me lookin ass up bitch.
Shut yo mesquito lookin ass up poped bitch Shutup faggot To fumble Took them a while Shy glizzy sound dumb as shit, you know nothing bout medellin Shyt b pissing me off ugh I cannot stand bitches like that smh Shyyyyyt, 12 hours aint no hoe...
This fulltime..12hr plus overtime and benefits sounds real good to me Sick of hearing AP kids bitch about their oh so poor 4.2 GPA.
Sick of your coon antics Accuracy Henny water Side bitches are basically new relationships started.An addition to the problems you already have with your primary woman.
Side hoes need rounds too...
They always play stupid hoe song back to back Sike naw I love big smelly hoes doe Silly bitch shit never sleeps huh..
Simple minded hoe Simply cani deal with a confrontation so I just back away when cunts get aw nasty towards me..
Changed a lot in the past few years tbh Since a lot of you lil bitches wanted to add the 5h hashtag into all my tweets Ill do that shit back Since a youngin bitch we been them niggas Since bitches love callin me by my ex girlfriends names so much ima start callin them the names of niggas they fucked Since cats lick themselves all the time, they should be great at eattin pussy Since my girl like to argue I sent that bitch to law school Since niggaz is throwing subs on this but that same nigga lame nigga bitches was getting fucked by other Since you gave me the pussy that ass getting fatter Since you hoes wanna be childish Single colored man looking fo a single white woman.
Im nigga Single like a dollar fucking bitches like im slater ..AWW MANE!
Siri is terrible Sis said go to sleep I said bitch its our b day I aint sleeping Sit on my face, M U A H, before i eat da pussy, i say my grace Sit the fuck down bitch STFU Yall act like it doesnt get cold in Denver.
Sitting at the bar at work watching Walking Dead and all these fucking wetbacks decide to come in turn on their spic music.
Jesus Christ Sitting up here next to the neighborhood crazy bitch she keeps randomly busting out laughing.
Skinny girls be having that gotta go a couple rounds pussy Skippin spanish class the rest of this week fuck dat bitch Skylar needs to go back to Clarenceville.
He taking all the hoes.
Slap a hoe with a rusty axe ash my blunts on her ass Slap my hoes with a rake fake make great cake Slap the bitch is fun...didnt know beer wasnt that bad Slaw ass team time to start dat bitch ova Slide in that hoe DMs like Slide in the pussy like a surfboard Slide in your bitch Dms like Slim Hines lil bruda ainn bout it bitch how yu figure Slim niggah but you know i love em thick Sloppy ignorance in all my pockets Come here lil bitch I want sloppy toppy Sloppy ignorance in all my pockets come her lil bitch I want sloppy toppy Slowbros over hoes Slut I aint playin go find a white crayon and color a fuckin zebra.
Slut ass queen bee bitch.
Slut opp thot hoe Sluts and hoes are needed.Respect their services.
Smack these hoes on they ass like we birthed these bitches Smashed a werewolf chick and thought she was related to so I felt guilty but then later discovered he didnt know the ho Smellin good, bitches wanna hug me Smfh trash..slow as fuck..cant even get a nike release on that Smfh boy you sound just like them hoes!!
Idk why everybody be hating on the Puerto Rican princess Smh its not bitches its BITCH ASS NIGGAHS Smh hate that hoe Smh ma niggah Smh queer Smh u niggers ur music knowledge Smh you dreamed I was a faggot?
Go play dreamcast Hate playing with someone at home on that trash ass default broadcast cam...
2K camera is the goat Smile at the bitches who hate you.
Smile at the hoes who hate you.
but wwn you show up all the hoes start vanishing!
Riding round town wit a bitch so bad but she dont mean nothing Smoking Brooklyn got me high as giraffe pussy Smurf a real cat bitch Snakes slithered in they coil These hoes aint loyal Snapchat me bitches jaceyjanette Sneaky hoes Snoop with the hoes So I already dont fuck with dude, but I be nice.
but this bitch crossed a line.
First of motherfucking all...
So I figure out why Ive been a bitch lately.
So snapchat me bitches.
So I guess all girls are psycho bitches and dgaf these days..
Tf outta here So I had to spray this huge ass wasp nest outside my backdoor.
Maaan, them bitches were mad as fuck!!
So I keep cool but in the back of my mind Im like did des hoes just come on my mf porch like ik dem So I made hey as a short cut for pussy lips in Anns phone So I seen this sweater , its flashy.
It say my boyfriend is my bitch, with some puppies So I swore my school was closed, but that bitch is open and Im home So I we gotta find a new house because the land lord being a bitch but we getting a waaaay better house so its all good lol So Sterling bitch gotta he a hoe..
Dont blame the bitch.
She half black.
Lol So basically I reflected a lot on how for now, I make fire my bitch day to day.
So bitch shoot me a look, it better be a blank stare, or get shanked in the pancreas So buy another round, they tried to shut us down bout an hour ago, but we still in this bitch.
Follow So excited for this white trash bash party tonight So excited for tomorrow Saturday, then just being a lazy bitch on Sunday.
So far Ive only seen 3 bad bitches talkn bout Mansion lan ..
Wtf is up!!
WTF is Selibus doing now the cunt So fucking thirsty for a championship that they welcome a fucking traitor with open arms....
Haha fucking no heart ass pussy organization So ghetto.
So glad I found a good girl and dont have to deal with these wild ass hoes they have nowadays..
Ratchets.
So if I had dreads, tattoos AND a beard Id get all the bitches??
So if a girl gets drunk and does some hoe shit...its rape now???
So is the term wigger.
If someone chooses to listen to hip hop and act a certain way its cause of his interests not race So jealous of my parents and Bryce gone to rednecks with paychecks for the weekend I shouldve gone So jus dont be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing lmao So just chill hoe So many bitches in one sentence So many bitches think theyre so much hotter than they are So many hoes whipped you would have thought we were still in slavery So many shady bitches.
THE SECRET THIRST IS ALIVE So much white trash at this demo derby So my coworker is yellin at my other coworker and I so Im like Who you talkin to?
Cuz its not me then she wanna bktrack like no bitch So my dumb ass screams fuck the redskins in this big ass echo filled parking garage So my mom told me she put my drug paraphernalia in the trash.
The shitty life of a stoner with a cop mom.
So niggas wanna be bitches and shit wearing flowers and shit smh yall niggas gay!
So niggers really believe Phelps just smokin on a regular huh?
Tell me now Ill log off for the night So now aint nobody got a type you all like bad bitches huh...well why yo baby momma never mind So now he wanna LIE !?
hes a fuccing joke ajay gotta whole bitch but oml trynna argue wit me shit like FIR WHAT BOI !?
Whaddup bitches So pissed I forgot that Saiyan bitches infio.
FUCK So scared for orientation.I hate meetin new people.Theyre gonna think im this quiet girl but really im the craziest bitch theyll ever meet So sick of you fake ass hoes So some bitch flipped me off for letting her infront of mee...
So some pussy dont cream when they cum?
Cuz Gail was a lying, cheating bitch.
So this dumb bitch had an opinion bout wtf I post on my instagram the time it took to write a post So tired but mom is making me stay up until she is finished drinking another beer.
She better chug that shit So to the fat, toothless, sack chasing bitch that just yelled at me from her busted ass van window.
Fuck off and get a real job So toodles to you bitches , goodnight!
So was chris brown talking bout hisself when he said these hoes aint loyal ?
So weird how the word cunt is offensive in other countries, yet in this country its a reference to somebody..
Like whos this cunt?
So yall give farwells to Lulu yet did all but shit on Kris?
Ok bitches...
ok So yall hoes still surfboardn in the tub or nah?
So yesterday I ran into a dude I went to high school with he used to be skinny as hell.
Same fucker who slit my tires years ago.
So you females feel like its ok to dress like a hoe?
Smh I just hope I dont have a daughter please god So you still dont suck dick or eat pussy in 2014?
So, folk far and wide are throwing bitch fits over .
Stop looking at me like, What are you, queer?
So...Hello Kitty is really a Chicken Boo bitch?
I wish some pussy tho What does your beard smell like?
Double read it bitch.
Social networks will ruin a bitches game.
Sock the pussy like Im vegeta SoetoroObama is moving the country w his vision.
His vision is to downsize our oppressive country and get even w whitey.
Bet shell have a niggas back..
Sombody bring me some pussy Some dont cross me bitches Some Army females just bitch about everything ..
Some bitch niggas in drumlin just sprayed me with water and ran away Some bitches are relentless.
You can curve her a hundred times and she still wants the dick Some bitches barely respect themselves Some bitches curve game be too serious Some bitches just have NO luck with men lmao..
Maybe YOURE the problem sweetheart, it cant all be our fault lol Some bitches need to get a life Some bitches truly aint shit !
Some call it trickn i call it hangn out ima handle my business n knock dat pussy out Some croquettes for you hoes Some girls think being a bitch and having an attitude is attractive.
Some guy at orientation got asked what his top 3 favorite music artists are and the first thing this bitch said was Usher.
Some ho hitting on my wife lol Some hoes that tweet just make me mad lol Some lying ass hoes lol Some movies are made to facilitate dudes to pick girls up.
Think out side the box lil nigguh Some niggah said sugapuss to me lastnight Some niggahs save hoes, I aint that heroic.
Some niggas beat a bitch to get a point across some mentally fuck w her some just ignore it ...
Some niggas save hoes Some of the ice melted in my car cause the dumb fuck at 711 decided he wanted to strike up a conversation wit a fat ugly bitch smfh Some of these hoes are loyal Some of these hoes deserve a kick in their vagina..
Lucky i aint tryna loose my shoe!
Some of these hoes need to hop off those high horses they seem to be riding 247 Some of these hoes out here for everybody.
Some of these hood negros dont deserve bail money the way they be visiting jail.
Some of these niqqa a straight pussy whipped Some of these sex gifs are fucking retarded Some of yall females undercover hoes Some of yall gorgeous women aint so gorgeous when we realize you got a ugly bitch attitude.
Some of yall just popular cuz of yall name .
These bitches be ugly Some of you bitches are DUMBBBB Some of you girls should be wifey for Halloween.
Since some of yall been hoes all year.
Some people are bitch ass niggas you should just stay far away from Some people are so constantly pessimistic.
Like if you have that much to bitch about why dont you start changing?!?
Some rednecks just raced down the freeway e Some thots will just never learn gooooo awaaaaay hoe Some women, are straight bitches.
Somebody couldve been like aye man you dropped your money but nooooooo fucking broke faggots selfish bastards i hate yall Somebody help her bitch nigga bye you just want something to say Somebody please choke that fucking retard that keeps yelling mashed potatoes.
Somebody tell these nigggas Ima keep fuckin they hoes, Ima keep rockin these shows Somebody tell these pussy niggas I got em Somebody tell these pussy niggas I got em I got em Somebody toss this bitch a Dasani or something, gurl is Someone bitch slap me into the lake if you see me on FB tomorrow.
I suspect my hard core GOP friends will be all over this.
Someone came up told me that I pulled hoes today.
I was pissed just because thats so fucking false that its sad.
Someone needs to get this boring Nike fag off the stage.
Someone shut this beaner up please.
Where the bitches at.
You fucking on the first night, meet me in the back.
Someone tell this bitch to stfu Someone tell this hoe to turn on lion king Someone told Iggy Azalea she stunk as a child cause this bitch still upset yo it aint even that deep Something funny here?
Lets gooooo Teena bitch!!!
Something like a perfectionist even check my horoscope bitch Sometime I wish I wasnt colored Sometimes I feel like being really nice to everyone then Im just like wait youre all bitches anyway soooo Sometimes I just want someone to bitch to about a shitty day Sometimes I wake up on the ceiling , the floor , outside , near a trash can, on your mom, in Hollywood somewhere, in a ally somewhere Sometimes a bitch needs to struggle to get where she going sometimes.
Some shit just an extra 30.
Sometimes females are just fucking retarded bro.
I swear I just want to kick yall in the ovaries.
When u constantly bitch complain sleep in separate rooms, its time to reevaluate.
Sometimes u gotta knock a nicca out tho Sometimes you dont wanna fuck the bitch but her head so good you end up fucking Sometimes you gotta block a bitch because damn they annoying Sometimes you gotta settle for an average lookin bitch wit a good personality just to prevent yourself from gettin cheated on Son of a bitch Son of a bitch Son of a bitch I cant wait till baseball is back.
Son of a bitch...
Son why is our mail lady so ghetto Sone of yall bitches need morning glory milk baths Sonnen is a faggot Sonoma County cannot handle the Gutto Style straight up north bay is pussies forever Soon will be to Fuck Backtrack and I cant wait because fuck those faggots.
Soon as da money gon dem bitches leavin..You get locked up she aint gon visit ya neither Sooooooo true but Im the pussy monsta Sorry about the spam but I dare you to search nigger on Twitter and not laugh.
I wish I be white so yall would like me Sorry hoes, but L.O.V.E.
Easy Sosa on the beat ho Sound like a REAL NIGGA TO ME Keith stood under the monkey bats looking up girls skirts during recess time.
Fucking creep Sounded like a bitch but whatever Sounded like a god damn bear just fell out of my trees.
Might be time to stop pissing outside and piss bucket up in this bitch.
Sounds like a hoe Southwest airlines is like driving in a mini van with your white trash cousins who love to huff paint thinner before before working.
Spark these bitches interests.
Speak to my face you fake bitches.
Speaking of 09, that years pussy was phenomenal.
A lot of them backpage hoes dont like fucking black guys so I never went thru with it Spell my name right, bitch.
Then well talk Spendin money that we saved, stackin ones like bricks hittin bitches like Craig, watchin ass CLAP!
Spending money on these hoes , nigga you aint fuck SHIT Spics are half breed trash.
Spiff tryna hoe Spittin Crystal in a bitch face was Larry Johnsons funniest moment in my book.
Spongebob ass niccas fr Spring breakkkk bitches Spring is almost here..
I realized that my collection of hoes has severely decreased Squidward in the face ass bitch Stafford you pussy Starks being a faggot Start punching hoes in they esophagus and shit.
Started wit Hanna Montana hoes....
Now im fuckin all of Nick Cannon hoes Started with 100 bricks now Im sold out bitch Stay home then bitch fuck u Stay pooned, .....
Stay witcha nasty little hoes who dont do shit for you.
Step Up All In was so horrible that bitch went straight to dvd Step up in the club smoothly with the L in my hand, bitches know Im a freak like the elephant man Stephen the threat about your brother doesnt scare me.
Quit runnin your fuckin mouth you wont have to hide behind your brother bitch boy Stern fixed the image of the league..
NBA players not knocking they bitch out in elevators.
Steve Calvin Annis cunt Steve McNair got murdered by his side bitch man life is crazy Stevie J my nigga bitch be on ten Stfu hoe Stfu kenya!
U make me sick.
Lonely desperate bitch.
Stiff armed his hoe ass lmao Still cant see what niggers see in them white hoes....
Still confused why King ordered two tranny hookers to the party last night..
Still dont give a fuck bout a bitch or her dude Still downtown with these bitches.
Still really confused re i think lucricus Is a fag dagger Still waiting for oomf to hit that hoe lololol Still wit the Same bitches to the death of me Stolen from cream2fly3xl lol but really guys Im giving classes on keeping that bitch whos registering Stomach is hurting, Im starving for some early morning pussy.
Stoni is a fuckin queer...
Stood outside for 5 minutes to take a phone call, went back in and looked in the mirror and saw a Somalian.
Fuck the sun lil punk ass bitch Stop Twatching me bitch.
Stop actin like yu just started wearin ya uggs, bitch I seen you break em out in August Stop being a hoe Stop giving these hoes half azz Dick plow it deep make her scream nd cream Stop hatin niggah , I got ya girlfriend callin you a hater niggah Stop lettin them messy hoes mess with your business.
Name fuck wrong widd u bitch is u stupid Stop snitching faggot Ill snap you a nude but promise you wont screenshot
Dont worry baby I wont Stop spoiling U fags Stop trying to be down honky Stop using the word redskins.
Come again never you fucking bitch Strong jaw ass bitch Strong pussy Yall think Ciara got good pussy?
Stu a rape faced faggot man Im sick of this nigga Stuck up serious bitches are possibly the worst type of girls.
Studying for this bio test like a hoe Stunt on these hoes like Stupid and aint got hoes Stupid ass Alex.
Scary little bitch.
Stupid ass hoe Stupid bitch Stupid bitch Stupid bitch at Churchs didnt give me my fucking BBQ sauce so now I gotta eat some dry ass chicken strips Stupid bitch should have stayed home Stupid bitches deserve to be treated like a stupid bitch Stupid bitches FUCK .
Stupid bitches.
Stupid bitches.
Fucking skanks.
Dumb hoes.
Stupid cunt bitch on the road Stupid freshman bitches that walk like slow as hell and u cant get around them, hurry the fuck up sloth Stupid fucking cunt Stupid hoe is so wack Stupid lil bitch !!
Im surprised u ignorant niggaz even read or write.
Stupid teabagger restaurant making customers pay Minimum Wage Fee Stupid white people making my posts relevant to they own life Sub tweeting and uoeno lol bitch Subtweet me one more time, you dirty chink whore Subtweeting little bitch taking the high road Subtweettweettweettweet cuz skinny niggah but my dick long Suck my dick so good Im like god dam you dirty bitch Suck my super monkey balls Sum of yall kno yall be on lock but talking bout bitch I aint doing shit tonight ho Im tired Summer hoes turn into winter wifeys Summer hoes turning into winter wifeys Summer is over, so all you half naked hoes are gonna have to find a personality now.
Summer time bitch, always wild Sumn wrong wit da pussy, een tho I aint gonn hit it Ima still make sure dat she gushy Sup bitches Super handsome guys can literally be broke af with no career and some horny bitch will support him into bankruptcy lol Superman your ho, eyyyy Sure I got a nice car, a 60 inch tv, stainless steel appliances in my apartment and a few thousand twitter followers but I aint got no hoes Sure wish my nose would stop dripping.....this sick shit is for the birds Surprise bitch Suzan are you really going to make me get off this sofa to find some damn silverware, by golly you old bitch.
Swag bitch Swag fags who gags lml nd yall Niggaz wanna ce swagged up foh Im Gxxd Ill stay gd up Swag killed the bitch like Columbine Swear to god man niggas talk more than bitches these days Sweet MiLF in white lingerie has her hose ripped and her pussypounded Sweet and innocent schoolgirl Minami Asakas pussyeaten Sweet innocent teen clothes ripped and pussy fingeredhard Sweetheart to a lady but Im hard on a hoe!
Swing on her I really dont like this woman.
Old hag ass bitch.
Switch A Roo yo hoe let me hit her Switcharoo on yo main bitch me and my NIGGGA hell naw we dont date hoes Switcharoo yo hoe!
Switcheroo on yo main bitch me and my nigga hell naw we dont date hoes Switcheroo on yo main hoe hell naw me and my Nigggas dont save hoes Sydney on this hoe asking dumb ass questions T talked sooooo much shit today that he would mop the floor with Kyle and I.
We both ended up raping his time.
T up bitch no chaser needed Tsu HC2k14 TCBY with these hoes TK fucking money bitch TLCs Chilli and her bullied son have the same moustache and seem to share clothes.
STOP CRYING, ya flaky bitch.
TMZ hoes TRUST ME when I say that would be KILLING if he came back to life in todays day and age TURNT up with yo bitch in a house party TV makes these hoes seem more attractive.
yawns TWITTER IS JUST LIKE REAL LIFE...filled with pussies.
TWITTER NEWSFLASH do NOT ever visit Easton, pburg area, theirs hoes with diseases and niggas so thirsty gatorade would be worth trillions Tail light out not giving a fuck Rollin up on a bitch wit da head lights off Take a bitch to Soho for some froyo, tell her she gon blow it, Romo Take off you fucking hoser!
Take that and shove it up your ass, Take yo bitch on a dinner date then I paint her face Take yo hoe ass to sleep Taking pics Im the school bathroom is fucking stupid Talk about me behind my back I hate that pussy shit.
Talk about pussy power Talk alot of shit, but if I want ill put u on the spot so dont test me bitch!
Fuck dat Spiders arent scary, sheesh yall some pussies Tarzan out dis hoe Taught ma lil niggah how to treat a girl Taught me how to hate a bitch Taylor Swift looks like the kinda bitch you would bring home and only get a dry handjob from Tbt nigguh Teach me You really be fucking bitches brah?
Because you have ears bitch.
Me Uhm, sorry bitch but I have a life..
Teairri Marie is crazy..The poor girl aint do anything to her..bitter ass bird Team john in this bitch Technically all the niggas that touched her raped her an when she see she trendin on this bitch she callin the cops lmao Technology aint doin nothing, but making these hoes look better Teen gets all her holes penetrated and even fists her owntwat Tell a bitch GTFO my face fa no reason Tell a hater I said fuck you tell your bitch I said fuck you Tell a itty bitty bitch pipe down Tell dem THOT bitches im NOT right !!
Tell me that that pussy is mineeeee Tell that hating ass niggah to shut the fuck up Tell them hoes Im all friended out Tell them hoes come here , cause it look like they forgot bout me , but the fact that they aint seen me , that should say alot bout me Tell them lie speakin lips they should try pleadin 5ths, more often bitch and refer to me as your awesomeness.
Tell them skinny hoes bounce, bring them thick bitches back Tell these hoes I love them just to fuck em Tell your bae ho tre testicoli it means I love your eyes in Italian Tellin me im disrespectful but i aint the one callin everybody a bitch for free Temples playing with my life I might be I working bitch this semester cuz Im not paying outta pocket Tempted to finish every sentence I say today with yo or bitch.
Terio got all the hoes Text me nig nogs 630.362.5206 Text me with plans nigs Text ya bitch like ya man suck, meet me at da birkin store tell em get his bands up Text your bitch some lyrics from that new Ty Dolla ign tape before she wake up so shell nag you a little less today Texting this bitch like she main material fuck that shit ...
She Finna get these youza hoe text Tf Im acting like a sad ass bitch for ?
Old Anthony coming back fashoo .
Tf bitch do mine Tf bitches get a couple and be fstow Tf is a real twitter niggabitch yall on this hoe tweekin Thanks for scaring the absolute fuck out of me, flatfoot.
Now I look like a pussy.
Fucking jerk.
Thanks to my nigga coco I smell good then a hoe haha finna pull allllllll the hoes, come smell a nigga Thanksgiving break bitches!
Thanksgiving early hoe Thanksgiving with some ignore the chink eyes Thas my bitch too That Larry the cucumber tweet is funny af..
But its a bit much to you young bitches might cry That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you..
Like move, bitch..
That ass got a niggah hypnotized That ass so perfect we cant help it yall diss hoes but praise nicki minaj everyday.
I dont understand niggas man That ass so retarted it belongs on a short yellow bus.
That awkward moment when youre still an ugly hoe That awkward moment when a hoe says shes not a hoe.
That awkward moment when you hold the door for someone and they use the door next to it..
Like bitch you better back the fuck up.
That bad bitches get left because of wack pussy kinda overrated cause the sex can get better if everything about her is cool That beach from Greece is so beautiful why do i live in bitch ass Virginia while people get to live around such beauty year round That bit Donovan got DVDs droppin and all i see ya lha bitch That bitch Amanda ran away from me That bitch a tha tha That bitch better be happy about that 20 tip.
That bitch called on Thor for some strength.
That bitch came flyin in !!!
That bitch cant touch me That bitch could sit on my face.
That bitch crazzzy pussy, !!!
That bitch cur my hair way to short That bitch filthy That bitch got 5 million boyfriends That bitch got 631K followers but drive a honda That bitch hollerin abt fuck me nahh Fuck dat bitch!!!
That bitch is corn fed That bitch is goin off off off!!!
That bitch is hella cranky today.
That bitch is lyinggggg That bitch just walked off all like Wtf That bitch mouth made the honor roll That bitch on qualitest , she dont act right That bitch said her pussy pops severely thoe That bitch told me to control myself, I told her to go find yourself That bitch want my numba, she gotta.fuck my bruda That bitch was worried about fines?
Fuck you.
My best friend got jumped by 6 cock suckers.
Fines should be the least of your worries, That bitch you met know what I mean she dont be the same bitch a million dollars later my nigga You feel me?
That bitch.
That boy has always been a pussy never been a threat!
NIGGA Rihanna prolly the sexiest bitch on Earth That damn lispy mouth bitch knows.good in hell well Tara wasnt a damn roommate!
Damn rocks for brains man!
Lol That depression shit trash.
That dude RENT aint no punkbitch either.
That dumb black bitch that was getting the cards for the picture made me so fucking mad she ruined my day That fat bitch thats always on the phone just walked in That fucking slutty beaner That hate shit dont mean nothing bitch im feeling myself That ho went from darkskinned to mulatto This fucked me up That hoe ask what time it is its 1017 That hoe beefing over tunchi chillllll ouutttt That hoe out there, Fat Trel said it best.
That hoe said...my booty on fleek lmfaooo That hoe was nipping That ios8 gon get yall bitches fucced up .
Trynna hide shit That last tweet was just song lyrics.
I dont really like bad bitches, I like pretty chicks.
Bad bitches cheat too easily and too often That makes you an annoying bitch.
If youre out looking to be offended, you cant bitch when youre offended.
That nig Darion couldnt help but act like the camera was on him...
He didnt keep any composure eattin those crawfish hahaha That nig was a G on that E60 I would have done the same thing That nigga so trash That nigga Tannehill trash lmao Dolphins trash That nigga gucci always hits that hoe when he puts Rick James in a song, giving our nigga rick a shoutout That nigga john aint ah Real older nigga Forreal..
He let Vick brotha bitch out on maplerow That nigga talkin like a hoe Tell that bitch nigga speak up That niggah is me lol TMLT That nigguh will never play football again That old lassie in greggs is a total bitch man That one drunk white bitch that always instigate problems involving at least one.black dude then crys afterwards when someone gets hurt That other shit for the birds .
Get over yo self That pic is now circulated by Jihadis with a call to kill him.
That pussy best be shaved for the holidays!
That pussy came gift wrapped That pussy cant be that hairy shit gotta stink lol That pussy crying for help That pussy fat whatchu feeding it?
That pussy sooo good That shacking up shit for the birds, yo That shade of faggot clashes with your eye color.
That shit is for the crows in wal mart parking lots That son of a bitch moment when you open the fridge and have no food That stupid bitch karma best pay up That vine started a coon frenzy bruh That was a bitch move I pulled...probably the most heartless thing I did That was almost 10 years ago.
I gave ALL them bitches away...
like yo mommas pussy deep.
That was my faggot rant for the night.
That would be so weird and uncomfortable working at one of those whore coffee stands.Like I would freeze my ass off, those bitches get naked Thats Ya BM tho That aint my hoe.
Thats a deal breaker, yo pussy shouldnt smell like my sweaty hooping shorts Thats a legal tackle faggot Seriously?
Thats a mighty big bitch in the Saran Wrap dress lol.
Thats all Im saying you hoe ass niggas.
Thats how I know the pussy is ready for me white people gay.
Thats how you know who be lying about getting in the pussy..talking about tasting like water and fruit and shit..tf is that?
Thats how you let the beat build bitch.
Thats most niggas Fucking with the wrong bitches got me cold as ice...
Thats my young ho I dont want nuthin old but her bank roll Thats not a duck face, thats the result of me walking into a pole once while I was tweeting that youre a retard.
Thats not catfish stinking up my TL its sore pussy, my bad.
This bitch got diarrhea and still here, shitting up the bathroom.
Thats real pinchbach I told them niggas watch how everybody that wasnt on the bandwagon jump on the bitch when they get to Austin Thats still my pussy Thats the kind of bitch I hate fucking with Thats what I tell my hoes when they aint throwing the neck Aint nobody got time for that Thats why I dont stunt these hoes on Instagram.
Thats why I keep you here you aint like them other hoes Thats why I tucked yo bitch u ignorant ass mother fucker Thats why i could always call SMURF For anything my niggah always there even when im beefing w my baby Thats yo bitch.....
I was all up in her guts Thats your bitch, why she acting like she need a man?
That, and we spent half of our junior year and most of our senior year bitching at each other for being dumb bitches.
Thats bad when your bestfriend says yu act like a hoe Cx Thats bc she is crazy!
Man I swear idt nobody mom is cooler than mine yo.
Thats fucked up give him some pussy Woke up with sex on my mind, I should just play with cont Thats my bitch when i feel like it.
Thats not ya bitch if she dont love giving you head Thats some hoe shit doe Thats the only thing a nigga ask for Its some choosable bitches in here tonite Thats why I aint cuffing until Im grown af These hoes aint loyal The of the US is white trash.
The of the US is white trash.
The elite call conservatives our niggers behind closed doors.
Only edit, Dante is a fat pissedoff cunt.
Annoying little bastards.
The Internet will make you think these bitches are who theyre actually not.
The Irish in are all white trash.
The Karate Kid is such a pussy The Monday has been a bitch The Redskins trash as fuck for not getting that The South is full of white trash.
The Midwest is full of white trash.
The West Coast if full of white trash.
The Steelers new uniforms look like homosexual bumblebees.
The TL talkin about eatin pussy and u watchin soccer?
Ur a grade A faggot This game is crazy !!!
The Xs and Os, exes and hoes, I exit and ghost The bad bitches still awake?
The baddest bitch in the world followed me on IG today and started liking all my pics.
I aint even all that attractive so I know she catfish The baddest bitch is back on chestnut!
The beauty of not needing or wanting a man is priceless.
The bitch coach said she didnt like my attitude.
The bitch got some nerve The bitch is freeee!!!!
D The bitch official though, dick harder than a missile yo The bitch who just rolled her eyes at me bc she didnt get tipped doesnt listen when u ask for sweet potato fries instead of regular The bitch who shot CJ is going upstate now he can RIP The bitches act like they dont be in the club with they ass all out in too little ass skirts shorts giving em yeast infections n shit.
The bitches are back The bitches behind me are so annoying The blacks in are typical niggers.
The browns schedule for the first half of the year is literally retarded easy.
The chinks really hunting their food...
East The city used to have HOES.Now them bitches look sick.
The clips hang down to the dick..
Thats a automatic shotty from a drum they call tommy, guarantee to get you bitches from by me The club dont never get old to some of yall hoes though.
The corny facade is all apart Nick Cannons plan.
Nigga is actually a genius on levels of business and bitches.
The day my ex told me she was sober when she cheated on me is the same day I eliminated colored skinny jeans from my wardrobe The dean a hoe how she fucked home and his bro The easiest way to have sex with a chick is to smell good, make her laugh, take her to get food and then fuck her right in the pussy The emoji I use when Im flirting wit bitches The fourth hokage was a little bitch!!
Like, nigga cant even take down a bitch ass fox!
The fuck does a yellow cloud do?
The fuck mickey ds gave me...
The fuckin hoes The fucking Royals bitch!
The funny thing is the daughter never got kicked out on her one night stand, I didnt have the courage to tell her, her mom an official hoe The ghetto hoes love feeling a nigga abs ya heard me The ghetto thuged out version of tree of life coming soon...
The girl skipping school aint nothing but 16 yo and just made me say in my head bitch u supposed to be in school had to catch myself The gospel Better wake up and realize that the good Lord aint stop creating pussy when he built yours shawty.
The guys at LA fitness are such fags The heat will make you wanna put hands on a niggah The hoes aint classy no more more like trashyyy!
The hoes are for EVERYBODY my nigga!
The hoes be rated E !
The homie reallly LOVE fat bitches like in LOVE The homiez bitches like my homiez The intensity of my Bankhead bounce as I said we know these bitches cuz we be traveling...
The lady talking about I have to sit in this seat and I have 3 hours to piss like bruh !
I already tried twice, I cant fucking pee bitch!
The last time your pussy was salmon pink was.
The left tho twitpic a selfie with a bad bitch The leftisthomosexual war on the church kicked into high gear with the infiltration of the priesthood by boyraping fags...
The lies on this here Twitter You niggas wouldnt know grade a pussy even if it slapped you cross the face !
The lit bitch thats was talkin shit aint in math class today I really wanted to press my issue The little bitch nervous because he not tweeting anymore The little bitch told me sloppy top was a hoppy thats when she gave me sloppy toppy like the sloppy toppy goddess The majority of you hoes think your shit dont stink.
The moment when you truly believe ur a fucking pice of trash its a lovely felling ...
The most beautiful women be havin the most retarded captions on their pics!
The most broke people have the most to say bitch nigga how can you afford to speak The movie a hard ass chick flick.
This nigga goes back in time if he but too quick n fucks the bitch over n over lol The music stop playing and all you hear is fuck you bitch Ill Spit on you The nations know who we are, but we rather be real niggers bad bitches.
Cant take nobody serious, i continuously laugh at you hoes.
Step on my crispy ass shoes wit them dusty ass timbs!
The nice side of Long Beach really got hoes lol The only exception with the baby momma is she not stuck on you and ghetto bitch that I will stomp her ass like an African ritual The only part of the awards that I liked was the dykes part of the cypher the old skool female MCs.
The only reason I cheat is to show these bitches what kind of dick my girl be getting.
The only time I screamed was when Tyrese tackled that hoe ass bitch The only time of year Ill bitch about not having cable when Hocus Pocus comes on.
The people who have historically been called white trash were called that for a reason.
Theyre white trash.
The pilgrims was high as fuck, like Lets kill a big ass bird and eat it with a billion other things The pilot seen my eyes and said they awfully red I told him I get high as you bitch Im the man The power of Christ compels you to pop that pussy.
The price is wrong, bitch The question alone What city got the most bitches with gold teeth?
The same bitches telling you to let it go are the same ones that would go in and grab it right after you.
The same bitches that failed geometry know exactly what angle to use to take that perfect selfie The same bitches you chicks posing wit in pics for Instagram likes be the same bitches texting your boyfriends when he aint textin you back The shit that you bitches brag about is hilarious The solution is simple buy a bitch The spot is open for you take so your better grab it before another bitch do and if she is determined and beautiful enough she will do it!
The streets a dirty hoe, niggad try to wife it though.
The thing about working with black people.
These bitches never on fucking time then wanna complain about a short check.
Bitch die.Today.
now The thinner the eyebrow, the crazier the bitch The tweeter gurl is on Tumblr using a taser on roaches that Im assuming are in her house.
You bitches have no shame.
The type of bitches that I like think broke is disgusting The ugliest bitches swear they bad..
But The undesirables these bitches big bruh The way Hawk Girl did Green Lantern is why I do not trust these hoes nope The way I fuck her, you would think I love this bitch The way I see it....
you bitches are fake by affiliation ..!
The way a Klansman would say nigger slave is the way the says Conservative.
The weeknd is why bitches love dark skin fellas now.
The whole afternoon has been about the deep voiced bitch The wifes new bitch...
The willow tree in Pocohontas was my bitch at 7 years old The word bitch dont apply to all women but all women got a little bitch in em The world is yours n every bitch in it The world will be a better place when bitches like her dies lonely Their insult.
The first thing straights go to is faggot, queer, tranny, gay.
Them Bad bitches blow kisses by my earlobe Them chicks tried.to put me under the fire lol!
Them gay dudes stay with the baddest bitches.....no punch line Them hoes dont like me Them hoes gone be called strvp Them hoes look so clean on foot.
Them old bytches sorry as phuck in the sack...
The pussy get ripe in her 30s Them pretty bitches love me them bitches love me Them pretty nail bitches, them bail you outta jail bitches.
Them queer ass shorts Rabchenko got on Them quicc to blast bitches, them all about the CASH Bitches Them quiet girls be hoes to watch out Them shits ugly hoe.
All these nuggets u still actin chicken.
Them shootas is out at ma grandmama house I aint been around this bitch ina minute .
Them shootas is out by my grandmoma house, I aint been round this bitch in a MINUTE Them squirrels are faggots b ?
Them taz angel hoes need some furniture Them women at the bar are there for your pleasure them old hoes be pure Then I hit that bitch like a free throw !
Then again...
bitches are expensive and Im on a budget boo.
I cant afford all that shit you bitches be wanting.
Then again...
i shoot bitches in the ass for doing some stupid shit like key my car or bust my windows.
Then bitches gon fuck just because money long .
Then i fuck yo bitch Then the Mexican bitch wanna speak some other fuckin language then give attitude.
Cant speak right ass!
Tf Then theres this stupid bitch in my class that literally has to ask a question every time the professor says something.
Then they wanna ask you Maad questions, bitch just tell me what you need me to do and stop interrupting my playlist Then this bitch singing sounds like a horse being choked Then yall idolize Kanye when he wifed up a hoe.
Lol Then you wouldve died if you didnt breathe, bitch There are 2 types of niggas in this world.
Real niggas ...
bitch niggas There are girls.
And there are bitches.
You maam, is a beeeitch.
A dumb ass bitch hahaha.
There are some real life hoes on IG.
There are some retarded ass movies on Netflix There is nothing wrong with Ariana Grande.....
Just cause she dont look like hoe....
There may be a fag hag switch a comin!
There was a reason why I blocked this bitch There you go acting like a hoe Theres a different between ya bitch a ya friends your bitch Rey to build wit you your friends just tryna compete.
Theres a lot of big booty bitches at pharr gym Theres apparently a wee cunt whos a year younger than me called Sean brown being cheeky about me lol Theres dudes on twitter who have no respect for their dick.You know,the mirror selfie niggaz,the nude droppers,dick avis,pussy eating avis?
Theres gotta be like 20 white trash motherfuckers living in that house and I dont think any of them have a job Theres like 5 injuries a game in football..
Shit trash lol Theres like one of my exs thats still kinda cute.
Most them bitches got fat.
Theres no one to flirt with, Mad bitches in my inbox.
Skrr skrr Theres not enough day in the hours to cheat on her if shes sucking your dick right.
Too drained to look for other mouth and pussy Theres other bad bitches Theres a girl in your avi, you must get so many bitches Theres one dude i can not stand at my school because he stays on the freshman girls and girls from other schools cause none fw him.
These UT hoes be goin !!!!!!
These bad bitches really aint that bad when you see a pic of Aaliyah These bitches aint shit I forgot to mention .
These bitches aint to be trusted...
These bitches aint playin.
These bitches always trippin These bitches are taking forevs doe These bitches be judging like they experience life and in the billion dollar club.
Im highly favor doing pretty damn well These bitches been killin me all day These bitches boringgggg These bitches both average.
Lmao baddie Pretty girls be like These bitches crazzzyyyyyy These bitches dead be sucking and fucking niggaz with no condom...then wanna rock a whitw dress the next day like bout dem clean These bitches dont want no boyfriend ...
They want a pimp These bitches fake one min talking about a hoe next min bestfriends with the hoe These bitches finna fuck up my birthday week...
These bitches funny like mike epps These bitches gotta realize that their nigga WANTS ME if he doesnt now he did several occasions before These bitches irri..
irri irri..irri irri These bitches irritating These bitches is crazy These bitches is wild These bitches loud for no reason These bitches love me.
These niggas copy These bitches love soda These bitches love sodaa These bitches man they love to HARASS These bitches need to get out of bed and Ill make them cheeseburgers These bitches really be out here on backpage hoeing watch yo bitch she could be on there !
These bitches really love soda out here These bitches really marry to some rich ass niggas These bitches smell like fish These bitches so broke instead of go get it they quick to go ask for somethin These bitches so redundant These bitches talking shit but they whisper it?
These bitches think they know snap.
Ha bitch I am snap These bitches want the next best thing These bitches washed up, aint no soap involved.
These bum ass bitches on my block drawin These celebrity niggas be passing these Kardashian hoes around monthly These cheetos taste likka steak right nah boy these bitches going DUMB!!
These chicks use what they got to get what they want.
Bunch of Ronnie Trickz ass hoes.
These chubby hoes are always on a diet......
These customers are fucking crazy this bitch said God will smite me because her dumbass locked herself out of her account.
These days bitches be just letting anyone hit raw !!
These fat hoes think they slick posting neck up pics and shit These girls eyebrows make them look like 2 hoes walking down FIB These girls going to school with all kind og aquatic colored weaves in their head.Fuck going on?
These groupie bitches wild enough to suck a babies dick These hoe for everybody just like these niggahs for everybody!
A hoe gone be a hoe regardless and cont These hoe ass niccas talkn shyt about a nicca make a nicca wanna go and snatch the bitch up outta nicca These hoe niggas havnt seen half of me.
These hoes a fool too These hoes a smash on one of yo niggas and be very proud These hoes aint got nothing on ya These hoes aint loyal These hoes aint loyal These hoes aint loyal These hoes aint loyal man thats the realest shirt i seen tonight.
A chick with a flip phone robbed me These hoes aint loyal Naya Rivera got married three months after breaking up with Big Sean These hoes aint loyal and niggas aint either These hoes aint loyal These hoes aint loyal...
These hoes aint loyallll These hoes aint shit I aint tripping off a Thot...
ion like conversation you gone let me fuck or not These hoes aint yours its just yo turn u hear me?
These hoes aint loyal These hoes aint yours These hoes always gone Thot around to who ever give them attention at the time These hoes are hilarious these days These hoes be actin up and these niccas be actin tough!
These hoes be boof smh These hoes be busting nuts when they get a These hoes be flawgen i swear bruh, a nigga dont want yall These hoes be lying to all of us nigga I got news for the monogamous niggas yo bitch fucking anonymous niggas!!!
These hoes be thirsty for attention These hoes be trying 2much doing 2much These hoes cant fuck wit you These hoes crazy yo.
These hoes dont get me in my feelings one bit.
These hoes dont like a nigga they love my money these niggas dont like a nigga they all want somen!
These hoes everybody hoes lol go at any bitch bet u get her easy !
These hoes get thick n fat confused way more than often!!!!!!!!
These hoes gettin replaced soon as they start to fuck wit my cheques These hoes getting outta hand These hoes getting smart gotta watch them These hoes going BROKE trying to look RICH.
These hoes got more bodies than a cemetery.
These hoes gotta pay for my company!
These hoes here mane.
These hoes is lost hahaha how much you wanna bet she dont get the job lmao These hoes kno bout me These hoes need Jesus yall.
These hoes need to stop hittin blunts and hit the gym unhealthy mfs These hoes needa stop tryna split relationships and get theyre own damn man These hoes out here be GOIN UP !!!!!!!!
But we not at you bitches thats what hoes do !
These hoes out here beefing bout as important as these hoes out here queefing.
Yall blowing vaginal wind back forth.
STFU GET MONEY!
These hoes out here carrying infections, yaw niggas better rap up w dat Latex!
Haha These hoes pickin and choosin..
thats why these niggas stickin and movin These hoes really make me laugh lol These hoes say Im too much.
I think Im too much These hoes soo These hoes swear their faithful These hoes they be homie hopping !!!!
GO UP THEN These hoes they loving the cre These hoes want love so bad These hoes was just really fighting ova Some rallys tho on 30th These hoes will be exposed!!
These hoes worried bout the wrong things in life These infected ass hoes think its okay to talk to other ppl boyfriend.
Like thats not funny nor cute to pussy hop all over the place These kids man real life kids not even over 18 n bucking bitch sit yo stupid ass down These la bitches thirsty for a hit single These lame bitches dont have a fighting chance....!
These lil hoes sitting across da way too fuckin loud.
Like damn hoe your sittin less than 2 feet from each other shut the hell up These lil niggas cant hang big shit poppin bitch and big my first name These little girls at Simons were telling me they like my huf socks, bitch go home do your homework These new bottoms are something else...
You put nair on your pussy for the gram?
Ok These niccas sangin on dey partnas witout a Grammy award These niccas want war give me what you got These niggas aint shit but hoes with tricks These niggas be actin like bitches These niggas cars be 800 and they have the nerve to put some 2500 rims and some speakers in the bitch These niggas designing these bitches, they got zippers on hoes These niggas groupies they act worse than these hoes do These niggas pillow talkin thats hoe shit These niggas pure pussy I see it in they faces These niggas rather love these hoes then get money smh what the fuck wrong with these niggas These niggas retarded...
Lmfaoo These niggas run they mouth like bitches These nigs is haters man, and Ive made myself so easy to luv These nigs like saying they miss the old vice These parents nd giving they kids ghetto ass names Ronkieshietta.
That tipped the scale fa me These people are fags.
These people at jury selection are retarded These ratchet hoes are something else this school smells like a fucking zoo These rednecks around here wont like that shit...put that wall up, they say These shoes are going to be a bitch to break in tomorrow These side bitches will wait til they know u wit ya lady to text u hey boo bitch gtfoh These side bitches winning son ...
Like bitch its yo fault yo child was premature shouldnt have been smoking while you was pregnant These sons of bitches came into his chruch, threatened to kill him These women aint shit but hoes w tricks , baby boy Im different These women aint shit but hoes w tricks babygirl you different They are mostly restaurants.
If you have more than 20 contacts in your phone you a hoe They be looking at Tom Brady while he going off on tge sidelines like, Whatever bitch.
Lol They bitches I will penetrate you introduced me to your bitch They call me chief weak bitch They do the pussy good They fail to realize Ion want Friends bitches switch up quiccer than I change the channel They get attitudes like bitches too , i think some of yall niggas need a bra and panties They got some trashy ass hoes out here They gotta keep the name Raiders tho they better not change it to some hillbilly ass Texas name They had a steak category.
Ran that bitch like a busto.
They hardly get sex...so when the opportunity of sick presents itself, their giving you some pussy...and boy are they generous They hating on you, because they know you bad, must be doing something right , if you got these bitches mad.!
They hoes aint loyal, they rotate!
They make sure they have these reality shows lined up for you hoes.They wont leave you high and dry.
They really should expand this bitch with all the money They rude I wish you bitches would stop calling while Im trying to get dicked down by your nigga They say I wouldnt make it now them same bitches is calling my cellular They say life is what you make it bitch but Im just tryna make it ..
They slut for me they kill for me they steal for me and of course itll be yo cash and Ill murder that bitch send the body back to yo ass They some bitch ass niggas They thought I wouldnt make it pussy nigga we made it They told me to fuc wit bitches but never trust em They told me they my niggas but I never trust em They trynna hoe Geno TD throw They updated Wukongs new splash so it doesnt look so fucking retarded They wouldnt let me use my old picture cause my hair was flawless.
The woman at the front desk said I wouldnt have to retake, hatin hoes Theyre calling it because the wind is going to make a lot girls clams really sandy Thick bitch on here tried to front on me earlier...
Thick bitches Think its okay to take my property and break it?
Fuck you bitch Thinking about getting my nips pierced...
Thinking about trying to get pussy like.....
Thinking bout gettin 500 put on my ears cuz Im getting money bitch Thinking that i care dont give a fuck bout you think !
Thinking youre the godfather of maddiston lol, youre the fucking wee bitch man.
Thirsty ass bitch dont sweat me Thirsty bitches Not attractive Thirsty fo da bitches saggin my pants n shit ...
bitch This 103 weather is a bitch This 8am biology lab aint no hoe This Amish bitch was rockin Gucci and her man was smokin a ecig.
Smh fake ass Amish ass bish!
This Houston traffic aint no hoe these mf must not work This Lil fraudulent bitch had the nerve to call my phone talking crazy bout how she get down nd puts This Mexican bitch almost just hit me with her car and she sped over the speed bump JUST SO SHE COULD DO IT OMFG This Uncle Tom mother fucking wants to invoke 35 a man in his speech?
Dude you aint white no matter how much...
This Van Cleef and Arples bitch at Starbucks needs to back the fuck up out of my space in line This aint no bitch ass boom bap, its click clack move back.
This aint no mf bitch ass.
This art shit lives forever bitch!
This being single shit is really trash especially when you aint got nobody to text after midnight This biatch just called me a bitch This bih stay in this ghetto ass neighborhood This bitch This bitch just called me a bougie whore tho!
Lmao This bitch Gmfu.
This bitch Rihanna is on some dust or something This bitch almost lost her life This bitch always got shit to say about what other people like This bitch and her cankles This bitch ask me why I dont hit her up.and that I dont talk to her....bitch want me to hit her up so she can ignore or respond hours later This bitch asked why pants sagg , cuz dey tryna hold my bandz up This bitch at the gas station offered me head for 20 This bitch backed into my car TWICE..
This bitch bout to make me commit murder This bitch brought her toothbrush.
This bitch brought me my food and said Surprise.
Thirsty bitch.
This bitch come home wit a attitude.
Bitch go yo ass Bacc to work ah sum fucc.
This bitch compared dicks to pencils get sharpened ...
Like dont as you sharpen a pencil it becomes more useful This bitch couldnt pull a ugly desperate dike if she wanted This bitch crazy This bitch done blew my high This bitch done blew my high and I was high off all of these drugs This bitch fell straight through the chair...
This bitch forehead.
Who lied to her approved this shit This bitch gone ask is we closed I said Naw we just aint pay the lightbill this month YEA BITCH WE CLOSED!!
Get TF out This bitch gonna steal a police uniform and think she has some authority.
I say we pop the trunk on her bitch ass.
This bitch got arrested on her wedding night for ordering 650 worth of food and didnt pay..
This bitch got zero kills and yet got a legendary enngram?!!!!
What the absolute fuck?!!!!!
This bitch had horseradish ponytail today she.
dyed her bald head ass hair red and put that bitch in a pony tail smh This bitch has two jobs and is starting school on the 26th.
This bitch in 711 wit hella face tats.
She a female duddy This bitch in here putting long lashes on like a 3abde This bitch in ma bed got double Ds that SHAKE.
This bitch instating and driving...
for me This bitch is crying This bitch is earning 6 figures for shaking ass?
Im so done This bitch is mad because her man cheated but she cheated too!!!!
This bitch is nasty This bitch is raising MY anxiety just by sitting next to her.
This bitch is really geeking in my messages This bitch is really gonna sit here and tell me I need a parent w me at the doctors even if Im 18 uh, no This bitch is so annoying This bitch is stupid.
Anti Feminist via This bitch is talking to herself who the fuck does that, bitch u need help with yo im hearing vocies in my head, ..
This bitch is tryna start shit at Dennys asking us if we took a picture of them lmfao BITCH WHUT This bitch is wearing an angry birds sweater This bitch isnt pretty?
This bitch just chillin This bitch just said Lorde is rock...
No This bitch just texted me Baby Baby you miss me This bitch just texted me out the blue bout want see her butt.
This bitch keep looking is she choosing me or nah This bitch keep playin wit my hair like she dont got her own.
This bitch kicked me out This bitch literally just pulled a whopper from her fanny pack This bitch literally just said normal people shouldnt work out in this gym because so many body builders workout here This bitch lmao Steve Wilkos be goin on mfs This bitch look like kurt cobain older bro This bitch looks like a tranny tho.
This bitch love me long time i dont know why she wouldnt This bitch lying to me This bitch mentioned dr.
This bitch needs to get slapped This bitch needs to turn off her shitty music This bitch on Maury got 11 baby daddys!
This bitch pregnant again This bitch really has no filter This bitch said which one are you Lmaooo I hate her !
This bitch said Use my titties as a punchin bag 0 This bitch said I look like the type to do a lot of cocaine This bitch said shell do something strange for some change This bitch says shes got 150 in school...
What the fuck is that bullshit This bitch showed me IT if yall every seen that low budget piece shit that muthafuckin clown scary then a hoe This bitch slow playin like the fuckkk This bitch so ratchet This bitch takes bitch to another level This bitch think I want her Im in love wit da gwap.
This bitch think she cool with her Jordan 6 rings get the fuck on.
This bitch think she fancy with her old ass Cclass get the fuck on This bitch thought the hot sauce was BBQ sauce.
This bitch took her damn eye out like it was a contact!
This bitch tryna eat peanuts Im tryna eat steak an shit bitch dont know nothing about grindin This bitch tweeted Brb Gonna Take A Shower 2minutes later Back ...GET YO NASTY ASS BACK IN THAT SHOWER!
This bitch tweets been on point the few minutes I been on.
This bitches need to get it right , your so wid it This bitches voice This chick looks like she straight up took a colored pencil to her eyebrows This class ghetto as hell This dude fell cuz he was looking at these bitches in the car.
This faggot in a truck was tailgating me, so I hit my breaks, he cut me off I switched lanes he cuts me off again to be a little biatch then This fat bitch got all huffy cause she took too long to make her turn, so I took it, so she mouthed off to me This fat bitch is wearing these ugly ass jesus sandals, and her big ass feet are overlapping the damn things.
This fat bitch just said next time dont forget my potato chips This fat bitch turnt for some ice cream not gon lie I would be too This foo came to the club wit his bitch on a leash This fuckin bird This fucking little bitch landed on me in the car and really thought I wouldnt kill him..
This game on some shit!!
Haha playing that hoe high had me and my nigggs trippen haha This game pissing me off including that bitch This girl asked me why i call girl bitches?
They go out with panties on basically and brag about how good they are sucking dick This girl is retarded This girl is the nastiest skank bitch Ive ever met.
She is a fugly slut This girl legit looks like a pig, Kiss imik you bitch This guy is 100 retarded.
This hairstylist in the mall gone ask nesha wats under that beenie this bitch said her momma lmfaoooo This hangover a bitch.
This headache is a bitch This hoe car smell like nigga let off a sweet potato bomb in her shit!
This hoe got a gf but complain about life like is she hitting you right ?
This hoe in here 6months pregnant man take yo ass home This hoe loud...
This hoe reathie be tripping This hoe straight up disappeared on me, like where did you go ?
This hoe taken by the world smh This hot ass black girl from twitter goes to WOHS lol.
I thought she was some alias ass bitch from miles away This how most of yall side hoes gone look on valentines day!!
Lol This ignorant bitch on msnbc said police have no training on their weapons.
SMH This is EXACTLY why I dont tell this bitch SHIT !
This is Marcos lotion, and he got mad that I told him that he smells like a bitch This is exactly why bitches end up dead Told him to stop fucking with me , I hope it rain bitch.
This is fucked up lmao which one are you?
better go to maaco This is fucking retarded This is fucking trash.
Drake is Jewish too So Young Money is the 3rd Reich now?
Hes a pussy.
This is how im asking my bitch to prom or for her to marry me guareenteed yes This is how you know LHS is ghetto.
This is my sup bitches face This is no excuse to call me bitch?
This is why is a dumb ass hoe This is why no one likes you.
Because youre a bitch.
And a slut.
This is why people are lucky they only deal with customers over the phone.
Thered be a lot of choked out bitches if this was done in person This just in dont trust these hoes This kid straight watched a bitch eat her own bloody tampon This kid looks like a retard when he tries hiding his phone...
so obvious This knicks game is so retarded right now smh This lame azz napk nigga always talking bout he be the reason there always yellow tape upk in the turf This lil Thot bitch really tried to run game on me This lit bitch jayonna in the class im an aide in is SOOO FUNNY This little bastard comes unto spinellis all the time just to do his little wigger rap thinh and try to say it AT me like Im gonna die This ma niggah This man Wimp gotta be drunk he know damn well he dont fw no hoes!!
This my bitch please face This new shit im workin on...
yea nigguh!
Lmao This nig johnel keep falling asleep....
Thats usually me lol This nigga gotta weird gay shoe fetish...
Im sick of yall letting this island nigger slide!
This nigga Magic Johnson got a Grade A faggot for a son ..
He had to have done some terrible shit growin up lol..
This nigga been all in public with his new young bitch, rubbin it in her face but when she reacts it WW3?
She probably aint even seen Drake This nigga jerry room smell like bad pussy!
This nigga next to me trippin balls and all he wants to do is draw naked bitches and complain about how Im making the room shake This nigga on the train treating his bitch over the phone lmao This nigga over here telling me he dont fuck with this bitch .
Or maybe she lying lol This nigga said you aint going through SHIT you just need sum Dicc Good try hoe, its been a while but its really sum shit going down.
This nigga showed me that sad ass dog my girl pit would look at that hoe and say nigga gone This nigga solving rubik cubes doing magic tricks he still aint getting no pussy This nigga think he gone play me shoot dice let yo hoe fade me This nigga to my left ugly then a bitch This niggah is a fool This niggah aaron had me weak last night!
This niggah better remember to bring his sperrys This niggah know wassup This niggah said Oh kiss me through the phone looking ass haha This niggah seems really clingy...
This niggga said I be branding bitches This nigglet This nigguh got somebody contact as Ebola lol This nigguh really tried to fight me on the bus over a grape kool aid jammer This office is used to pound somepussy This old bitch with floppy tits riding on the elevator with me is nerping so bad This one for dem hipster bitches that shop at value village This pussy dryer than yours...
Dryer This rain got yall women talking out your ass..
A nigga should spend 80 of his income on a bitch bruh get these hoes the fuck outta here This random rap song the person next to me is listening to makes me wanna make a lotta money and fuck a lotta hoes.
This shit is a game right now..
Thats why I play hoes.
This shit is fixing to blow my mind..
Tony Cannoli back in this bitch This shit is retarded This shit right here nigguh..
This shit sooooooooooooo trash.
This side hoe main chick talk is disgusting.
I wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night onlyy you think that bitch yo bestfriend but she be all on me This song may be for basic bitches but its such a mood boost This stank bitch steady calling..
This student call me to bitch about her grade.
I tell homegirl Im seeing an assignment here as not submitted.
This subway worker is being a major bitch to a soldier.
come on show some respect This tastes like wolf pussy This that bitch nigga shit they invented it I just created the term This time a night dark skin niggas really turn into lightskin niggas I swear I seen a darkie try buying Starbucks 3mins ago but they closed This was my Chit shake that monkey beeotch This weeks RFN segment is in the can.
I discuss Idaho being a faggot marriage state just like Washington.
This weight issue of mine really needs a good bitch slapp.
This white bitch dressed as the devil at my job.
Oh the irony lol This white bitch had the fuckin nerve to call me a nigga when shes the one payin for her lips to get bigga This white bitch tried to set me up for a racial war ...
Lol bitch its impossible Im smarter then you This why I be on the bitches so much they LISTEN to Me This wigga didnt follow me back..
Smh This work shit for the birds....ion think it take 8 hours to do nothing....
This world needs a build a bitch workshop Those tell me about yourself lookin ass niggas ...
Ima crazy bitch thats all you need to know.
Those faggots that keep posting gay ass videos of them cuddling with their gfs on Facebook.
Those guys are the definition of white trash Those my v necks now ho Thought I told you not to trust these hoes Thoughts of her were good from sight and the worst when she opened her mouth.Moral of the story is they look sweet but these hoes sour bruh.
Throw a rager on your sweet 16 and everybody bring you presents and cards to my crib bitch.
You grandma even bought you bday cake ova here Throw some orange on dat bitch Throw that flag bitch you aint the real Bush!!
That shit is funny as fuck !
Thump you right in the throat bitch Tia chepa...
Uhh Noo bitch she is your Tia Irma aghh hes so annoying Tick tack toe linin up yo hoe Tickets hoe Tigers are fuckin garbage jesus christ...suck a dick ausmus youre just as trash as that sorry ass bullpen Till Michonne gutted dat hoe Time for bed peace bitches!
Time for some panera bitch!!!
Time hop makes me realize how much off a faggot I was lol Time to go make the gym my bitch Time to stunt on these hoes Tired of hoes man Tired of these butthurt commercials.
We dont want em Tired of these hoes breathing my air.
Tired of these niggas turning females into stuck up bitches Tires fly when I mash the gas...
My motor hot and these hoes fast Titties nd pussy Tl blew up hoes on waka dick.
he aint follin yall hoes To a hood bitch Gucci voice is euphoric To many dumb hoes in milwaukee To many niggas and not enough hoes and most of you niggas acting like hoes Today I heard my boss say motherfucker, bitch like it was so funny bc she has an Asian accent Today has been a bitch!!!
I lost like 5 pounds of water weight!!
Love the grass stains On the other Todays Spy Ops A country guy with big feet.
I lv to lick his soles n hv soles on my cock Told da nicca str8 up to his face whateva he got goin on I Want In..Guess he felt some type of way bout it Told her like...
its 90 degrees out this bitch and Im walkin in jeans it was like 70 when we got there like apostles.
Shit dont add up.
Told my bitch I dont wanna eat Im money hungry Told my dad to go buy cookies for the graduation reception...this nigga bought Oreos.
Told that hoe she special, like the McRib at McDonalds..
Told that hoe to suck it up, she got lips like rubber ducks Told ya months ago Charlie wasnt bullshittin..
200 years Jihadis have been a pain in our a.
Im tired of seeing this one already Tony Blair equals Bushs bitch Tony Parker is making Norris Cole his bitch with the one on one, or just takin him off the dribble an breaking some damn ankles!
Too fast for the Feds, too cocky for the cops..
Had to ditch my old bitch, gettin sloppy wit the pots Too little too late bitch ass nigga Too many bad bitches last night Too many bitches got rabies And I hate a ho hoppin woman pussypoppin woman Too many chicks trying be wavey bitches be yourself Too many pretty bitches got the sore throat voice.Mostly red bones.
Too much shit going on to deal with another bitch nonsense ....
Too worried bout bitches fashion they go missing in action.
Had 8 extra to throw at the hoes.
Took a broke bitch nigga Took yo bitch and gave her back, my bad.
Top 5 stankiest pussies Top knotch hoes get the most not the lesser Totaled Crashed dat hoe Drake verse on that nicki Touchdown hoe ...
Trainer lady is a bitch, shook my hand made me promise her Ima study for a test tomorrow, and idk I dont like her shes trying to break me Translation for the slow he out saving hoes 1 by 1 Out here saving lives!
Trap drugs be getting all kinds of bitches lmao Trapping motherfucker I be Juggin like a bitch catch me up in traffic might be Juggin with yo bitch Trash Black people only play RB Hip hop at their parties..play some dubstep and House..yall coons need to expand Trash..
Wtf is this Oreo song by r Kelly ?
tf Treatin yo hoe like she yo bestfriend..
Like thats wifey Trey Songz can sing but cant actually right a good song.
Trey Songz is only relevant because of thirsty Black bitches Trey songz went in on that looking ass bitches reply to nicki Tripped balls on.lsd bitch!!!
Trust a bitch I cant wife a bitch I cant Trust me when I say foot stomps hurt like a fucking bitch Trust me when I say you shouldnt trust her if she tweets from bae to bruh real quick.
Only hoes can drop niggas real quick Trust no nigga, fear no bitch Trust no player, fear no bitch.
Trust none bitch I dont Trust none bitch I dont wife a bitch?
Bitch I wont Truth Only a faggot would turn down hairy pussy Truth be told ...thats all my pussy Truth is ate yellow snow as a child..
Truth is youre about as smelly as a barn bitch.
Truuuuuuuuue but bitch u fine tho Ive been old all my old ass life.
Truuuuuuuuuuu facts both then niggaz is pussy nd Ill tag em both nd cassidy rp by my nigga let Try to take Othot drugs bitch Im 30d up Tryna be sumbody cinnamon apple Now I cant trust any bitch wit pussy that taste like cinnamon apple Tryna determine if she a bad bitch, but then twitter saves her Tryna save a hoe that dont wanna be saved nope nope nope not me Tupac could fuck any bitch in the world in 1996 and niggas on here crying about a pic he took FOR BITCHES Turk a hoe yall....
Turn a fuck nigguh to a rebound Turn a hoe into a house wife you bet not Turn it up with ma down bitch Turn the entire fuck up, hoes!!!!
Turnup on all of you hoes Twatch sounds like twat.
Tweakin hoe Tweekin hoe Twice divorced teabagger Florida Attorney General says marriage is reserved for stable, enduring family units Twitter game is on point tonight btw guys, if you havent caught on youre full retard.
Twitter has taught me that there are so many bitch made niggas in the world, dont be fooled Twitter is for fags.
Twitter is like the friend I sometimes forget to visit, and then he calls and acts like a bitchy mcbitcherson with a side of bitch.
Twitter let you know who every hoe is in every city and country Twitter niggas always want you to have unprotected sex with these nothing ass bitches.
NAH Twitter pic flossin hoes talkin Twitter watching bitches.
Twitter your being a bitch Two blonde dykes wanna kiss all night, I just pray to god that this shit go right Two days gone she been gone so long you cant get her on the phone cuz that bitch done been wit meeeeee Two dyked fightin over a bitch lol gtfoh Two foreign hoes Iont like the basic Two hoes?
Two horny guys play with a sexy AV models trimmed pussy before they fuckher Two horny guys take turns beating the shit out of a tight teen pinkpussy Two years strong with this honkie Tyga and Drake two light skin bitches but if had to choose in a fight I would go with the guy from Compton over the one from Toronto Tyga is a hoe!!!
He pooted in my muthafuckin face.....
we bout to fight, bruh Tylers my bitch.
Tym 2 lyt dis blunt n holla hoes.
Type of nicca owe yu money but still ask you to go n on a blunt Typical bitch during a break up tweeting smfh Typically hateful, antiChristian, mentally ill and ugly dyke trash pig couple Jennifer McCarthy and Melisa Erwin Tyra Banks still getting paid for these Americas next top model re runs, this bitch so bossy U Lil stupid ass bitch I aint fucking wit youuuu U bitches still fuccin bush U cant stay the same expect change.
U cant truly expect a good man if he call himself nigga, nigger.It means the same A No Good Person!
U coons cant wait to wear them Oreo Js U coons watching love and hip hop aint you U corn fly then bitch when it has no seeds and its lime green with full of Crystal all over U ever seen a bitch talk shit about another bitch then U see them hanging together?
U fucken bitch wifi U got a twin bed yo bitch ass better not invite her over to yo crib, u better off sleeping on a futon my boy U got niggas an i got bitches U hoes hawkin in Rittas today, aint yall?
U know that pussy good when it sound like u mixing spaghetti when u hit it lol U know this bitch hard U look like a dyke in ur pic lol U niggas dnt like me I bet I can fck yo bitch tho , U of A hoes w the booties hangin out U on the hit list to bitch kill yo self U oversteppin u boundires as a sideline hoe U see a super bad bitch in the club with a nigga that u just cant understand how he got her 99 chance he meet her at U still fuck with your old bitch?
Disrespectful like shit U sure tha bitch aint slumped over dead ?
U think them nigs u with is with u?
U wanna piss a hoe off when u in the club she in front U Tryna dance for u do what Im doing right now Tweet U want a big tittyd hoedyke to wash ya rims lls I expect a chick at da bikini car wash to rid my rims of all brake dust!
U wanted to go in the military but yo bitch ass couldnt handle nobody shooting at u so shut yo mf mouth and those who did U wondering why Im not answering Im wondering where my money at niggas act like bitches these days U wont see me sober less i got court Mary the best bitch in life UPDATE Three arrsted after German gay guy left in critical condition after being fag bashed in Belgrade Ugh I cant stand a bitch that smokes black milds.
They make me itch Ugh I fuckin hate when this bitch dont answer my calls e Ugh I really cant wait to get paid tomorrow and spend it on my hoes Ugh Im such a little bitch Ugh bad bitches picture coming soon Ugh hes mine bitches!
Ugh like I hate when my momma get to talking all proper like bitch stfu.
Ugh that crazy bitch in The Crucible smh Ugly ass hoe wanna be me so bad bitch gone on Ugly bitches always trynna take pics from the same angle guess its they best side Ugly bitches know to get out the crib before the sun come up Ugly bitches listen, yall can not be havin a stank attitude.
yall dont have nothing working for you but your personally so dont fuck it up.
Ugly bitches post the most retarded shit on social media.
Ugly bitches stay subbing Ugly fucking nigger baby.
Thought it was a gorilla at first.1488 Ugly hoes favorite line Im far from ugly...
I be like naw hoe, you closer than you think!
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes!
Kill the ratchetness!!
Uh Cody called me a punk ass bitch and I said, I think you meant to say boss ass bitch but Ill let it go ctfu Uh oh Control yo bitch if you dont want her in no shit.
Its that simple Uh.
Two years and this bitch still goes Uhhh bitch Ummm..
These hoes need guidance, better yet a baptism Ummm...so the Happy Fairy apparently took a crap on my twitter and made it all...happy.
Uncle Tom ass muhfuckas.
Unemployed niggas get the most bitches Unfortunately, I love her the most tho thats ur hoe too?
Ungrateful bitches never happy how u not happy?
Ungrateful shit lol Is sending for me in a Uber the new way of tryna pay for pussy ?
Unk just said bitches hit the bottle and they pussy start snappin lmao Unlike some of yall boring ass bitches lol Unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes.
unloyal guys turn good women into big time bitches...
Up in this bitch like elevators Up too early the damn birds are still chirping smh.
Upstate hoes love down south niggas and down south females love upstate niggas Ur fat ...
Not thick...
Its a difference bitch Ur no from here, u act sound infront ae me or Ill be an awfy cunt nd break ur fukin phone tae Used the dollar menu spectate at the mall.
But now Im buying that bitch out cause shit I want it all ....
Used to have a girlfriend, now all I got is hoes..
VP Joe the Dildo still wants your guns.
Oath breaking prick needs to be routed out.
Hows it feel to be honkey whippin boy?
Vagina flavored bacon bitch Val is such a bitch Value your money.Value your dick.Dont buy trash.Dont fuck trash.
Vandalize that pussy.Its on.
Vanessa is such a fuckin faggot.
Vegas in 4 days bitches.
Make it snappy hoe Verizon customer service is trash as fuck.
Need to really show his ass up..
Little bitch Vine is filled with pussy lol smh W bitch WATCH WE SALUTE THE VETS Tuesday Jihadi Bitch Slaying MK48, M203s Fired At Taliban Cockroaches During Firefight WATCHMilitary Monday Jihadi Bitches Slaying BADASS A10 Silences Taliban During Intense Night Time Firefight WATCHMilitary Monday Jihadi Bitches Slaying BADASS A10 Silences Taliban During Intense Night Time Firefight...
WATCH Excited ISIS Jihadis Getting Their Yezidi Sex Slaves On Distribution Day WDMC So what shit is this.
Male hoes now.
WE SALUTE THE VETS Tuesday Jihadi Bitch Slaying MK48, M203s Fired At Taliban Cockroaches Du...
WTF is this chick singing the 7th inning stretch at the Giants game wearing?
Shes like a redneck Carmen Miranda.
Waddup bitch I gotta get tf outta this town tonite Wagwuan bitches...!
You a faggot if you wear a seat beat Wait a min Or her pussy That Rihanna cologne for men probably smell like curry goat and nail clippings.
Wait a min you nigga bitch!
Lol I dont give a damn if it cont Wait bitch..Keep it simple never basic Wait thats noooo butt naked bitch a boy!!!!!!
What in the mudda cunt hypocrisy Wait.
Yall ever put ur finger in the lil hole in the back of the pussy?
Waiting on these bitches Waiting on this wetback sycksyllables Waka bitch bad fr Wake up American sheeple nd stop allowing these pussy azz politicians who never bust a gun in they Wake up bitches Wake up you stoopid dyke Walk in the party boot up yo hoe Walk out that bitch like Just murdered that test!
Walk up to your house, knock on the door and blow your ass off.
Drop it off, drop it off, bitch I got a sawed off!!
Walked in wit a new bitch on me, got niggas mad but I know it Walked into a party and they was playin Nelly Air Force Ones.
I walked outta that bitch immediately and littered in their yard Wallah Ill drop kick this bitch Wallah does this dumb bitch dream about the fucking lottery to wake up this early and play fuck you hoe.
Just tell em NO and watch the real bitch nigga or hoe come out em!
Want some cheese with that whine bitch ?!
Imma bitch Wanted to eat her pussy from the back but shes sleep...smh Warriors aint winning shit if Curry keep playin like a bitch Was in kimball gym today boy if they had the carter kimball it that hoe it wouldve been stupid Wash up hoe Washing my coon hair Wassup wit all these fucc niccas Watch how i stop talking the bitch still tweets Watch ima hit that hoe later on this summer, finna be the bestmost livestock party of 2014!!!
Watch my Twitter bitch Watch out nigger lovers.
Watch the blacks and whiggers cry
Watch yo hoe Watching Deadly Women.
This malicious bitch left 50 babies out in the sun so they can bake to death.
Wtf.
Watching Forrest Gump has taught me that these bitches wanna hoes until theyre tired Watching the nigger movie Menace2society.
Watchu smiling in da can foe nigguh, Water whippin bitch that bobby buschi Wats up with ppl calling me foriegn bitch now Wave or get Splashed on!!!
ya bitch you!!
Way too many pussies who just lay down and do nothing in my generation.
New Orleans ass nicca lol Wayne went ape shit on tht Krazy We aint gon talk bout yo partnas cuz dey aint shit like my niccas We aint really wit that talkin bitch we bout that action We are back bitches!
We are the only fan base who by and large gives a crap that Rodgers chews his guys out.
Nobody bitches about this for Brady and Manning.
We been passed dem niccas yrs ago fr We both have hella hoes but I swear all I want is you We bout to be the next Chik Fil A, lmao.
Couple of fags said we told them if they didnt like their food to get out.
Never happened We cant trust these hoes fam We cocky yea bitch we cocky.
We delivering bitch!!!!
We dont hire bitches We dont love them hoes !
We dont love these hoes We dont love these hoes, I only want one night Jayballout We dont play bitch theres no take backs We dont pop out bitch we slide We dont want yo bitch mane, we just wanna have fun with her.
We got gin, mad blunts and bitches sucking dick We got mob ties and all my hoes gangstaz toomob wives bad bitches,but I dont spend alotta We hate you too lil nicca!
Lol I Hate The Steelers Dawg We in this bitch!!!
We aint chasing hoes round here .
We know what this hoe gonna do for her bday now cc I plan on it We know you fat hoes are not big boned your jus fat af !
We live ina generation where we praise these hoes.
We need a UT expose hoes page hmmmmm !
We need hoes We need to start having a fantasy team of UT hoes lol We ran thru the bitch you fallin in love with!
Retweet that Weef fitm is that life fuck flappy bird Weird ass bitches Welding with your shirt off is the redneck version of tanning lol Well I wish I could shoot the shit wit u bitches but daddy gotta get dis money .one Well Im back on the prowl for a bad bitch Well damn!!
It was the dyke in that picture she used to be a girl once up on a time Well dayum I seen you bitches knocking censor tags off your clothes on your patio with hammers Well done?
Well gahdamn.
Wooooow Good job mommy cutest thing blue ivy ever done she still an ugly nigger baby Well guess I know a bunch of hoes then.
GONE BRING YA 2 ELEMENTS TONIGHT THO Well i feel like a bitch..
Well isnt that a bitch 2 wildcards are going to the Well now that Im basically gone full retard, lets get blasted Well thank goodness I got other musicians that arent bitches..
Well they do now haha I just think these bitches are confused.
Lol Well your a little cunt !
Well, jhud is giving me bae just got home from work and Ima throw the pussy at him Well,is he gonna take da bitch or naw?
Welp imma hoe again She a hoe if she likes chocolate.
Me That bitch you been texting Wen yu see uh bad bitch n wanna holla say Ayyy Went ya bitch house now she not a virgin anymore Westbrook you ball hogging bitch pass it to your fuckin teammates if you want to win Westside nicca!
Wet bitches What America teaches people if you bitch about something enough, youll get what you want.
What I hate about edm festivals is the people who bitch about the line up.
What I look like ho?
I look like YES and you look like NO!
Haha What a bitch..
What a dumb bitch What a fag What a fucking faggot What a fucking retard What a hoe lol What a pussy so you can subtweet about me, then unfollow, but cant even reply and try to understand my point?
What a sniveling little cunt.
I would be embarrassed for him but I cant stand the guy.
What a wetback looks like when he gets caught crossing the border.
What a wifey would understand a hoe could never comprehend What be the peckin order?
1 white Christian 2 colored 3 Porto Ricans 4 Arab 5 Jews
I be axin What do you do when you the nigga thats currently cuffin a bitch dats getting exposed?
What if I was on my ass that mean she get half of my cash?
Man that bitch can kiss my ass What is Twitter even for?
Lmao This hoe wack af What is up my twitta niccas!
What kind of bitch ass throw was that Alex.
Fuck.
What kind of person am I the one that wears a beanie and does drugs and likes to fuck with bitches What kind of sorcery is this....
Nope Eat this pussy while im on my cycle call it Cherry Pie What mad cunt created masturbating?
What made this niggah say that out his mouth What makes you lose your temper?
dumb ass bitches who talk shit but wont walk a mil in you own shoes What now bitch Ive got youre girlfriend What ppl expect, august aslina is a nig from New Orleans What restaurant drugs tests hahahaha thats fuckin trash What state got the best pussy?
What that bitch Tryna say What the FUCK?
The Entire FUCKING is has gone not to know PROTOCOLS?
What the fuck kind of redneck commercial was that????
What the hell are we doing with pussy rules that soldiers dont carry weapons 247 on base?
Liberal crap people die.
What these bitches want from a nicca ..
What these bitches want from a nigga?, like on some DMX shit What they taught us, man them bad bitches only want the ballers, the starters..
We hoopin now the hoes wanna guard us..
So I ca smile for the ugly hoes.
What u dont do another hoe will What up fake ass hoe?
Gimme my nigga hand back What up twats?
What was that knob to get shit back in focus when it started getting fuzzy?
What would yall do?.....I would act like one of them nd act like we lookin for the same bitch lmao What you doing bitch suck it dont bite it What you gonna do if she cheat ?
No kick that bitch out and go straight to tootsies What you know about getting money low key ..
Hanging with the street niccas fukn wit the OGs What you saying hoe?
...A lonely ass bitch!
Whats really funny bout this pic is Im sure they believe them hoes is bad Whats retarded is that I actually love my job and have a really weird passion for it.
All I see is another faggot ass High School dance.
I call it bitch spots lmao Whats this shit?
stupid ass bitches!
Whats this bitch look like yall add me on your stupid chapsnatpearlblueyes Whats this bitch retarded?
GIVE ME BACK MY 16 DOLLARS Every time I meet somebody I assume Ill never meet them again Whats up faggots bet yall thought youd seen the last of me Whats up with all these bitches in bed clothes...?
Walking the streets like that shit is cute.
The Fing retards trying to make it a race issue.
Whats worse than jury duty is the confirmation you get while serving that the general public is retarded.
Whatever Im going to concert today!..I cant be a little bitch right now Whatever happens, I wont let racism become a big trend again.
Over my fuckin dead body bitches, Im mixed I cant be racist Whats wrong w this marie hibben bitch..
Whats wrong with this bitch When got your ex bitch the one you tryna move on w its time to call give it a up When Chief Keef said I aint done turning up bitch!
When I be seein yall runnin back and forf to woyke and shit I be thankin Jesus I is colored When I be that pussy, I be calling you my Bitch.
When I call bitch, you come.
When I die Throw a couple bad bitches in my casket When I see a fine bitch I dont get excited When I step off in da club niggas give me daps and hugs hoes swinging dey eye ik one thing right they wanna fuck When I wanna nut an she wanna nut at the same time Im Peyton Manning this bitch audible OMHA When I was 16 me my homies used to go to the mall to pull hoes.
Id be at home later that night like....
When I was in 6th grade it was a lil bitch at my school in 5th and she was pregnant like wtf I barely new what pussy looked like that young When I was in HS we had a dance team and then we had the steppers them hoes was ghetto as shit but they kept the pep rally hyped When Im a relationship Im erasing twitter cuz its to many bitches that are accessible.
I gotta the hormones of a 13 year old home alone When Jake was mad happy and hugged muscle faced Renee Russo at the end of 1 I was like yeah them bitches bout to win it all!!!
When Lil Wayne said why give a bitch your heart when shed rather have a purse When Stoni isnt doing his faggot gook speak hes actually funny When a bitch I dont like laugh at my joke When a bitch all in ya mans face in public When a chicks head is weak I just close my eyes and imagine me giving a bad bitch like Zoe Saldana back shots so I can get my nut off When a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch cant cook nothin for you these hoes aint hungry When a girl asks me if I eat pussy...
you shut the fuck up bitch!
im a nasty cunt whilst drunk When a hoe go back to her roots When a hoe tryna get at you while ya girl is looking When a niggah think he gon come inbetween me and my bestf Ill fuck you and her up When a pussy nigga socks you and doesnt knock you out.
When a real niggah want you When a super bad bitch walk past u and u cant help but stare When bae dodges hoes cause he only want you
When bae say she goin to the club with her girls I be outside that bitch at 2am like...
When bitches I work with are on there period ...
When bitches in the library start acting up When bitches know they feeling stupid, they keep there sentences short.
When bitches say I want to cuddle.
It real is them speaking in code saying they want the D When bitches you dont like talk to you at work.
When did gum get so soft, you sons of bitches.
When ever you dog hoes really bad you end up w a girlfriend ...
Youre welcome lmfao big ole bitch When girls say like ohh Im so ugly, like bitch you aint fishing for compliments youre like deep sea diving, fuck!
When guys are more sentimental than most girls like man up pussy When guys throw stupid bitch fits its like whyyyyy?
When her pussy doesnt taste like pineapples When her pussy stank When yo girl says shes gonna let you hit tonight When hoes be sayin they sexually frustrated or need some dick When hoes think I got sucker nigga written across my forehead...
When i bitch fuck my hologram doe When i die bitch fuck my hologram doe there taylor When i die throw a couple bad bitches in my casket When i die throw a couple bad bitches in my casket..
When i see a SUPER bad bitch and she happen to be from my city i just feel the need to shoot my shot.
When it come to bitches....
niggas will get dirty When it rains its good go to the mall weather all the coons be at home When it start raining bitches always wana get fucked bitch take a nap When it start thundering bitches be like I wana cuddle naw bitch you just wana excuse to suck a dick you and MiMi sit tf down in a corner When its hot i wear whatever lol shit if could come out this bitch in briefs i would When jake from State Farm keep calling yo bitch but yall got progressive When lifes got ya down you just gotta get back up and pimp slap that hoe!!!!!
When mfs tell you who you talk to and it aint true..like no bitch!
When my friends are roastin my other friends and idk who to roast Im just like wait who are your true nigsalways da clan When my right hand get out niggas gon remember why we tru loyal pussy When my teacher says basic algebra I think of basic bitches When niggabitch lose in a fight they favorite line is heshe only When niggas gimme their mixtape and its trash When niggas say they like Latinas they dont mean you fat bitches that smell like fajitas When niggas wanna cheat they start an argument with their girl...
bitch i told you i hate ketchup on my hotdogs, fuck this im out When people igg my text they get aired out in my head all types of bitches an dickheads When people tailgate, then pass you up, and look lol I just wave like hi bitch yeah I see you do I care fuck no pass me up When ratchet bitches find out the club aint 10 to get in When see u an oldhead rocking a Bruce Lee top with a durag on in the park randomly giving a group of street niggas a ghetto karate class When she wit me got yo bitch open When shes a straight up hoe but doesnt suck dick.
When somebody ask where da hoes at universal answer is shit u got em When that dyke almost came for me when i didnt send for her When the baddest bitch in school walk by When the bitch playes with your emotions, an wont let you date.
Thats the moment where i wanna kick her straight in the vagina.
When the day goes bad just tell yourself were the pussy at!
When the ghost picks u up after u dive in the pussy When the pussy stank When the teachers aid trys acting like shes the teacher...
bitch please When they bitch about carbon emissions tell them to stop breathing because exhaling adds carbon dioxide to the atmosphere...
When things dont go my way Im a total bitch.
When u hitting it from the back u gotta call her bitch they love that but dont u dare call em slut When u see that bitch in 5 months like yea im having a boy !
bitch u was twerking on dicc on vday When was a hoe ever supposed to be loyal.
I mean it wouldnt make em a hoe theyd be another housewife When women are so proud that they dont like to cook clean bitch stop being lazy..
Its not cute When you aint had pussy in a hot minute...
When you catch yo bitch sending nudes to another nigga...
When you give somebody that bitch look When you gotta boomin ass voice all you have to do is look at bitches and scream NOW.
Den ya in da pussy When you have everything they want youre doing everything they cant, bitches are going to talk shit.
Dont let them stop your shine When you hear ya homie with no hoes lying When you know for a fact you got a woman who loves you other bitches dont even matter.
When you realize how curiosity is a bitch.
When you see about to fight a bitch ....
When you see a fat bitch wearing leggings and a belly shirt When you see kids being bad their parents just standing there you look em like bitch you aint gon do somethin?
When you tell a dark skin bitch to send you some sexy shit When you told ya Homie she was a hoe but he still wifed it Caption this When youre grinding with a bitch and shes knocking you over with the booty When your nigga passes you a hoe When your side bitch wont leave Whenever I came to school fresh I took hella bathroom breaks just so the hoes could check me out Whenever you need your hoe protected on social media or anywhere in the world?
Where Is VRSL, that nigger owes me 10 bucks Where a prego bitch when I need one I have no milk an a whole box of cinnamon toast crunch man Where all the 2nd string bitches at?
Where are all those whiny bitches when Kris left?
How come Lulu aint gettin shit?
I miss that bitch.
Where my bitches at Mann Where tf this bitch in the pink from?
this hoe pointless Where the bad bitches at?
And by Bad Bitches, I mean tacos.
Where the bad bitches?
Not these self righteous I deserve the world without working for it Cuz I got a pussy bitches.
Where the girls at say happy birthday to me i need bitches on bitches like i got stacks on stacks Where the hoes at ?
We looking for the hoes AYEEE Where the hoes at...
Where this brolic bitch at ?
Lol Where this hoe Benga at Where ya titties lil bitch?
Wheres all my bitches....where did they goooo?
Wheres my money, bitch?
Wheres the pic of her standing again This bitch looks like Voltorb Wheres this bitches parents tho.
Which mean you hoes too STUPID ion want it around me Which one ..
Or both Hes half retarded Which one of you hoes then downloaded that JailMail app....
White bitches be lovin da colored men White bus drivers are all white trash.
White people always gave yellow ass teeth White trash bash White trash have taken over every charity organization in the US.
White trash okies dont count as real white people.
To count as a white person you have to count a person.
Who da fuck is yo?
Idk nigguh Who doesnt want a bad bitch?
Who ever did the beat on that Wayne by Chief that bitch a banger Who fukn wit for real for real ..
Either way he is a over emotional bitch.
Who shot John lookin ass hoe Who takes mid from the best midlaner NA???
Fuckin solo Q fags.
Who tf make an account of another bitch...
Like you wanna be anotha bitch dat bad..
Lmfaooo fat ass hoes Who the fuck is this bitch with this cheap ass clown nose on my screen?
Your tired ass commercial.
I would never book u for a party Who the fuck made this cunt the authority on men?
Who the fuck puts a block of cheese in they room without a refrigerator ghetto ass niggas eases, like thats just the thing to do wrong.
Who the fuck still plays flappy bird?
Flappy bird feels like Who the hell is gonna buy your shit when your dirty panties and trash are clearly in the background of the picture Who the hell taught you how to fuck bitch toot it up Who told this midget hoe to start stripping Who watches wrestling besides little kids and white trash?
Yes YOU BITCH!
Lord save these parched hoes Whos baby is dat whos da man dat did dat 2 u Gators bitches best be using jimmys Whos got the baddest pussy on the planet Whos ready for nigger spam?
Racist mudda cunt Whoever jumps in on a 1on1 is a bitch.
Whole time your bitch on the phone moaning in me and my bitch ear though..
Whops yardie.
Go smoke a blunt and tell a nigga to come through.
You are stressed Whos pussy is it she said richies Why 2 dudes would wanna fuck the same bitch at the same time is far beyond me.
Why all the bitches fake gay now?
Why am I being such a bitch today?
I would rather be like hey girl send me the tits and ass hoe Why are some people such faggots?
Like were you born that way or are you just that big of a douche bag.
Why are there so many hoes?
Why are you the only thick character in the game?
Why I gotta play a skinny bitch?
Why beg for nudes when you could fuck that bitch and make a video.
Why bitches act like I CANT READ or like words dont have a meaning.
Why bitches get so hype an mad when u asked if they suck dick like yes or no telly tubby Why bitches quick to have a nigga baby, then be suprised when she taking care of it by herself?
Why black girls gotta be thots?
Aint nobody bringing up the fat white hoe you fucked back in middle school.
Why cant there be bomb single bitches available on tap?
Why cant you be humble like your moms and not hoes Why did you release my nudes you cunt...?
Why do I have the worst BM in the world smh this bitch the devil !
Cuz im not a pussy and i like being scared shitless Why do bitches come to school wearing stripper heels to school makes no sense!!
Why do bitches put fuck a bio in they bio?...
Why do people bring their children to the salon, this Mexican bitch needs her animals on a leash for real.
Why do people use the eggplant Emoji in reference to a dick?
If your dick is purple with a green top, see a doctor bruh.
Why do so many filthy wetback halfbreed spic savages live in ?
Why do some girls feel the need to be bitches for no reason at all Why do some scandalous niggas and hoes hate on a happy relationship?
Just let them be happy together, fuck Why do the like this bald asshole complain about how long a bill is?
Should we just draw you morons pictures.
Why do yall bitches act so childish Why does like Serena Williams?
She looks like a tranny Why does this bitch on the olympics have a giant band aid on that looks like MIA designed it for american apparel?
Why does this faggot in front of me have to get two dozen doughnuts right now, get the fuck on Why dont you text your own mom, dumb bitch.
Why everybody so hype to see these famous people naked yall hoes just alike they just got money Why everybody talking about Rihanna nudes like she super cold naked?
That hoe built like a bubble gum swirl!!
Why give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9 Why give a bitch ur heart when shed rather have a purse.
Why give a bitch an inch when shed rather have 9.
These hoes aint loyal Why he try say alexi stole Jo bitch lmao Why hella bitches act like they got everything they have on they own, like no bitch you had some form of assistance Why is such a bitch?
Why is Baltimore so damn ghetto Why is it always the fat bitches talking shit?
Why is this bitch throwing condoms?
What a pussy!
We only got 2 months to live bitch you better throw that ass back Why the fuck am I getting notifications about two cunts getting married on facebook?
I dini gie a fuck Why the fuck are the throwing batting practice tonight?
Holy shit...
Why the fuck is this bitch calling me for Why the most Ratchet bitches be talkin shit?
Yall got nothing better to do but talk shit, pick up the liq, and hop on a dick.
Why the wifey type girls single and the hoes being cuffed though?
Why these bitches be gettin instagrams just to post pictures of other bitches??
i dont get it Why these hoes always tryna be Bitches?
Dont they know that hoes cant be bitches..
cause they hoes!
Why these thirsty bitches trying to hit me up slide out of my kik lmfaoo Why was Jorge Zimmerman arrested?
Do prosecutors have a witness that saw Zimmy attack TrayTray?
Are they afraid of the hoodie pussies?
Why would I be mad at a bitch who couldnt pass the 10th grade Ill wait Why would I fuck a bitch that cant fuck?
Jus like u hoes dont want want a nigga wit a clit ticckler Why would you date an ugly girl who is also a huge bitch?
Why yall bitches be havin stretch marks on yall upper ass Why yes, functioning tho Are you retarded?
Why you let these hoes tear what we had apart you shud be beware beware Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart Why you shouldnt eat pussy unless you love her Why you stressin bout a bitch .
Why you talking to hoes about bro nem?!
Why you think all these niggas end up with all these kids?
Fucking ugly bitches Why you worried bout that other hoe?
Cuz that other hoe aint worried bout another hoe Wifey had the hoes back then Will entertaining the hoes smh Will you sell that pussy for me ?
Wills tweets scream Look at me, Im a pansy ass bitch like 5 of the 7 days in a week.
Wilson a hoe he said that shit 2 years ago Winking emoji?
Im about to fuck her right in the pussy Winn Dixie is for real niggaz publix is for pussies Winter time walking is no hoe !!!
ctfu Winter weather gon have a niggah in his feelings .
Bout to turn the grind back on ..
Come to Indy bitch titz.
misses you Wish I coulda said more to tonight.
Good seeing you fag.
Wish I got hoes like James Bond Wish I would let you dig in my pockets ...
Lazy ass bitch get up start grinding Wish i had a bad bitch tonight where they at?
all chihuahuas do that squinty eye shit.
With a pussy mullet With my best bitches With my partner in crime riri22barbie yesss bitch stole my look!
Hah With no babymama drama , side hoes all that ...just fa me n only me !
With the bitches , , With yo twatching ass bitch!!
Without the hoes it was gonna be hard for us to pick out good women so hoes you doing a good job .....keep on hoeing!
Woke up feeling like a bitch.
Gonna stop acting like a bitch over some weak shit and focus on myself now.
Its me time bruh Woke up the next morning like why in THEE FUCK did i donate my cheese to these skank hoes Woman busting her ass to please you and you treat her like shit cuz you a immature ass lil boy.
Yeah fuck all you hoe ass niggas.
Woman have staring problems just as much as men..Talking all this mumbo jumbo about men..I just give them retarded faces or ignore them..
Women stay bragging about their mans penis and wonder why your friend fucked him....smh ....silly, silly hoe.
Women use niggas all the time for monetary purposes and gain, if a bitch wanna buy me some sneakers I aint turning shit down.
Women want a Best Man Holiday type of nigga meanwhile you have mad THOT pics on ya gram talking about this could be us bitch die Women who are feminist are the ugly bitches who cant find a man for themselves Wont step dad me hoe.
Lol Word And pussy And snacks Ladies, keep beer cont Word to Ray Rice if I marry you aint gone be no divorces bitch.
GM Good morning....its a celebration bitches!
A twitter crush is some bitch shit.
Man up enter her Dms bruh Words for my single niggaz out here!
too many bad bitches better than the last so never sweat a chick man they confused and thats ok.
Work ,nigga fuck work!!
Its Friday bitches, fuck Friday!!
Work be having a bitch enervated and shit.
Work is such a bitch right now Work out hoe Work right now is bitch World War Z is on Netflix yasssss bitch yasssss Worlds biggest faggot lol Worst shit ever....
mayo already trash, and to mix that trash shit wit the gawd condiment that is ketchup is ultimate trash Would you drink with a nigguh?
Wouldve liked some more backup but I can handle myself against a gang of retards.
Wow , thats a stupid bitch Wow I swear Im gonna cunt punch you Wow fucken Bradley sucks ass.
And his coach said this niggah can play for Barcelona hahahahahaha Wow my cuzin dont like lil snupe, this niggah trippin Wow my dad just racked me what a fag Wow, the whiggers at the Tea Party Nation banned me.
So THIS is why big titties were slandered today?!!
U bitch!
Stop the bullshit ...
Wo this bitch is so ratchet holy crap Wrote the absolute worst paper of my life last week and still got a B.
Gotta love taking freshman English Wtf I look like lying about knowing a bitch for ?
TF its SIMPLE Wtf am I watching bgc I hat watching these ugly ass ghetto hoes put there family name to shame Wtf bitch Wtf for real now all these stupid bitches are cutting over some kid smoking pot?
I can guarantee over half of them smoke pot themselves Wtf, Show me the hoe facts Wtf...
3 days 3 nights!
all I know is im going ape shit....
Wussup pussies Wut a bitch Xavier a hoe, he never lookin out..
Y Rick such a weak hoe n this season?
Thats my team bitches Y u a bitch doe?
Yall saying you wouldnt eat her pussy?
That bitch oh so real Yall all some hoes Yall be cool out there in that cold chasing them hoes Yall be giving the pooest bitches so much hype, stop it.
Yall be letting ya side bitches in the house yall trippin Yall bitches FAKE Yall bitches be coming up with some dumb shit...
What the fuck is fleek?
Yall bitches better stop the madness .....
Yall bitches need to sandos!
Yall bitches wanna be so different and yall really so basic Yall bitches want a good dude but cant be real at all then want to blame them for their reaction to your bullshit.
Grow the fuck up.
looks like a tranny to me Yall can have these so called bad bitches.
Im looking for a nerd like Rocky Balboa had.
Yall can say Imma make it way farther than you.all you want but aye Im gonna have fun bitch so SUCK A DIIICCCKKK!!
Yall dumb bitches out here FUCKING UP Yall entertained by these bitch az niggas hitting women?
Yall folks basic , ya parents both racist , Im lawyering these hoes out here , beatin cases Yall hoes believe anything though Yall hoes broke, be stealing from the mall but be flexing Yall hoes dont need a valentine , Yall need Jesus Yall hoes love everyday Yall hoes nasty letting any body hit an eat yall out smh Yall hoes really get mad cause a nigga dont want cha Yall hoes so ugh Yall know what Im thankful for.....
Ya bitch lmaoo my sister funny Yall lonely ass bitches sure do give out a lot of relationship advice....
Yall men need to watch these cream pies bitches be having yeast infections on a 7 day monistat treatment.
Know the difference Yall motha fuckas best love my foam party in July.
This shit is already a bitch.
Yall niggas aint talking bout nothin..
Not a thang, not a not a thang hoe Yall pussy ass niqqa need to make some moves get up there Yall really risk ur lives weaving in out of traffic traveling thru two counties for some pussy?
Yall think would call my daughter a nigger?
Yall trying to use The Lord to sell pussy on this corner...
Yall tweet the same shit everytime I get back on this bitch Yall wake tf up.
Yall are pussies its summer time turn tf up!
Fake hoes for attention YMCMB always get caught up with strippers.
Niggas get rich a buy bitches YOU and them bitches that you came wit Ya bitch aint bad nigga, u aint got no taste Ya bitch basic if she trippin off your social networks profiles.
Ya bitch choosin Ya bitch got my dirty pistol in her crib uoeno it Ya bitch pussy good I aint heard it ....
Ya bitch wnna ride with me Ya bitches dumb as fuck for the felon.
Ya kno nigga got two accounts...
When the lil bitch start Tweetin...
Shell see these tweets or someone will snitch Ya last nicca couldnt beat it ..
I hit it like a free throw!
I hit it like a free throw!
Ya lit stupid ass bitch I aint fuccin witchuuuu Ya need a real nigga shawty, so come throw that pussy shawty.
Studio Yaaaaaas bitch Yaaaas bitch yaaaaaas Yaaaasss, bitch!
Yaaaassss.
These bitches sad !!
You dont like me why?
Yaaasss!
When a hoe is talking about how they really dont be hoes.....
like girl, if you gotta explain it..
Yahhhhhh bitch YAHHHH Yal jus fags screen shootin the shit out of my stories Yall Niggahs got me fucked up thinkin ima soft ass Lemme sing a love song to you ass niggah .
Yall bitches be liking yall asses ate lmfao Yall bitches only muslim when yall hair fucked up ctfu stop that youngs!!
Yall bitches should be girlfriends for Halloween since yall been sidechiccs all year Yall black ass hoes aint east African Yall can stop RTing that whataburger shit too cuz Im still gon eat there.
Shouldnt have ordered the chicken dumb bitch.
Yall couldnt wAit till Halloween to dress up like hoes Yall dont want a nigga unless other bitches want him..
But when you get him you get mad cuz those same bitches still want him.
Yall hoes got nothing better to do than to gossip and play telephone.
Yall hoes still play around with the wrong shit I see..
Yall letting these hoes fuck you with the strap after you said no?
Yall live for bitches and blunts.
Yall out here fuckin other womens men risking ya life freedom but Im out here single dolo with no bitch you gotta worry about.
Big ass black bitch Yall trustin these hoes...
Ive never been that gullible Yandy gotta pay me for dick im sorry...that bitch ugly Yas bitches YAS Yas bitches Yasss bitch yass Yasss bitches Im brown Yay Im a redneck piece of shit!
Yayyyy Im gonna be jacking off to these bitches all day today Yaz bitch yaz, Yea I see ya hoe Yea Im illiterate, hot as a skillet bitch.
Bitch I live in a fuckin trash can Yea alright redneck white trash Stupid niggers hollering out their car going down the road trying to hit on me!
Fuck yall!
Yea bitch how dat shit feel Yea randy that white 745 changed my whole mind that hoe nice Yea you bad but hoe so what Yea you bad but hoe so what??
Yea, Mike had a bitchass referee in Tokyo Yea, my bitch is crazy.
Yeaaa bitch I be with dog like shaggy yea we stay clean but we get dirty like Harry Yeah Chris Brown definitely the realest waffle cone colored nigga of all time for that no bullshit song b thats exactly how I be feelin Yeah I can just tell by the weather that I wont be gettin any pussy today Yeah I have acne but I still pull hotter bitches than you Yeah I tried and you bein all blind and shit.
Lol peace, bitch.
Yeah att needs to get fucked up with this fuckin water proof galaxy got cheerios slidin down the bitch an shit Yeah bitch Yeah bitches.
You know he was hot shit back in the day Yeah hoe Yeah hoe.
Yeah im livin right, these bitches dead wrong Yeah it was a great one actually, Im fucking hilarious bitches Yeah right, yeah right, this guys a faggot.
Yeah the NFL trash as fuck for this London shit Yeah you bad but hoe so what Yeah you bitch Yeah your eyebrows on point, but is ya pussy clean?
Yeah, I had a bitch, but she aint bad as you, so hit me up when you pass through Yeah, Im SO annoying until you need something...bitch I dont play that shit, fuck with my heart and Ill make you wish Yeah, he forgot to say Dumb made a mistake for calling bitch.
Fellas u ever had some pussy so good YOU send a so what are we?
Yes no Is it ok to beat a bitch up over some tweets or nah?
Yes I love sex I told yo bitch being the rubbers Yes bitch you still in love in rich.
you have lips like kylie jenner ...bitch Im black Yes suhh Fuck you bitch, Im CHILLIN You Gettin Live Tomorrow ?
Yes ugly bitch with the shitty platinum blonde skunk hair, you did take cuts Yes yes yes thats all you gone hear never met a hoe yet that a tell me no Yes!
Yes, Im a hairy white man with redneck tendencies who absolutely loves Aretha Franklin.
Fuck you hater.
You know this man u got some pack fag boy Im comin thru Yesterday was an all around good day.
Saw a lot of people i havent seen in a while and got high as giraffe pussy Yet you wont tag What a pussy.
Ya cunt.
Yo u let that peckerwood skip get away with anything..
Fuck u Yo Im not a bitch but dont take my order right and I will fucking become one.
Yo bitch I had fun with that Yo bitch LOOKIN like she wana fuck summn Yo bitch a freak fucked ha to sleep and dat was the last time I was slept on.
.Shit I woke ha up nd fucked ha again so she aint sleep long Yo bitch all over me, I aint make no commitment Yo bitch ass needs to boss the fuck up.
Yo bitch choosin just let her Yo bitch choosin just letr Yo bitch choosin just let her Yo bitch choosinh just LetR Yo bitch gaggin she jet laggin Yo bitch go wild more miles on her pussy then my car do Yo bitch know wat im talkin bout Yo bitch like to get cute and go the movies mane my bitch like to get fine and go to the gun range Yo bitch on my dick she come to my crib she get passed around no love Yo bitch she boof she got that throwbac pussy !
Yo bitch wanna fuck the squad Yo bitch wanna fuck the squad!!
Yo can you guys stop being little bitches just know everything happens for a reason of your meant to be you will be Yo daddy is a bitch, you jus a son of that boyyy....
Yo fuck firestone for that commercial givin bitches ideas to run over guys video games.
Id cut a bitch over that.
Yo fuck the pats they are still bitches Yo hoe is like a tick so she hunting for a blood Yo homegirl fat and got a mustache, no need to yass bitch that Yo main bitch thats my side hoe !
Yo own homegirls sayin you a bum bitch Yo pussy aint shit unless you had some in it Yo pussy aint shit unless you had some jake from state farm in it Yo pussy been through it for the 9 scrapehouse visits.
Yo pussy overrated Yo that nigga at was lying had yall bitches calling him ya MCM and all how do u feel....ok back to you Bob Yo that teacher in Baltimore wasnt bullshitin with that bitch lmao Yo this niggah catch every tweet lls oh my goodness Yo.
this bitch in Macys tried to run out the store with a gaggle of clothes and got caught Yoga has been around for ages and these bitches just now figuring it out Yoh brownie had me fukd up high last night Yost on Portsmouth this is the biggest white trash county in the nation You WE SEE YOU Shout it out to the RADICAL , You a basic ass bitch You a bitch You a dike cause yo man a pussy.
You a faggot if you bring a jacket to work and keep it at ya desk bc the office is cold.
You a hoe and errbody know You a hoe for not having deals on fried chicken You a hoe if u eat candy corn You a hoe if you crying because yo ass pregnant.
It was all smiles while you was riding that dick bitch.
You a hoe if you ever fstow after midnight You a hoe if you like gettin drunk You a hoe if you take a taxi to the club You a hoe.
You a lame ass nigga still cuffin these hoes my bitch got a bitch with er You a pussy dawg You a pussy hoe until you give me pussy hoe You a real life faggot if you ever fight another man because he fucked your girl.
You aint my bitch so lil bitch why you bitchin You aint my bitch so lil bitch why you bitchin?
You aint my main bitch so why the FUCC do you care !!!???
You aint nothin but a piece of cheese with out the corners in other words you aint never gone be a slice bitch You aint squad lil bitch You aint trynna fuc ?
Get ya shoes hoe You always find something to bitch about.
You always see some shit on Old York Rd on the late night I done seen like 4 tranny and a midget You and that BBW shit can get TF off this planet.
Take these stud hoes with you too.
Thats that bitch shit lingo tf.
You are a bitch.
You are a bitch.
You are a jiggaboo...!
You are beyond retarded You are so fake Im going to put you on blast bitch.
You arguin bout a bitch and she a god damn slutttt You ask me about 2014?
Imma make dat bitch my bitch!!
You at the club EVERY week bitch get a life You been the side hoe You better pray to god I dont like yo bitch cause we might catch eyes and she might get hit You better watch your hoe she fuckin everybody You better work bitch You bitch hole you never text me back....
Haha i never text anyone back my bad You bitch like to text emojis You bitches all got that one friend who wear the same fit to every other function and it dont even be that clean You bitches are crazy You bitches cant relate to me.
You bitches got me all the way fucked up idc how many pineapples yall eat your pussy still gon taste the same so give that shit up please You bitches make me sick You bitches that entertain all the attention you get from these niggas are the worst kind of hoes there is You bitches wearing leggings everyday are sick.
I know yall wore the same pair 3 days in a row you cant fool me You bitter bitches need a life..!
You boil my blood, just how spoilt and how much ae an arrogant bitch you are.
If u try to show off Ill flip nd most likely go nuts You can ask if I fucked a bitch but cant ask how my Fathers Day was?!!
These hoes be outta line!
You can be a hoe in love You can buy a bitch erything in the world I bet she still find something to complain about You can buy bitcheshos etc tho You can buy my fucking life and youve never even broken a sweat stop crying bitch You can call me a bitch, OK!
Smdh You can expect me to be a total bitch towards you now yet again.
Well, to that, I say youre a cunt You cant be mad when people call you a hoe if you out here acting like one You cant blame me for the bitches I attract..
Yall say ima asshole when I talk about hoes...
You cant call a bitch a bitch if youre a bitch You cant owe me shit I dont trust niccas!
You cant owe me shit ion trust niccas You cant play me for a fool my niggah You cant put anything past a New York bitch.
Or a Detroit bitch.
Or a Chicago bitch.
You cant put the pussy on a pedestal You cant spell Patrick without trick so trick or treat bitch You cant treat these hoes like ladies You cant trust no chick that got a pet cat b those bitches be mad sneaky You cant tell these bitches nothing...
they belong to the city You could fuck my bitch , lemme fuck yo bitch You da bess, you deserve a crown bitch!
Bitch nobody said I did now shut the fuck up that fat made you retarded You dont know me, but Im your bra.
Doobie Brothers member Michael McDonald says hell come out as a tranny You done with that clown bitch or ...?
Hahahahahahahahahahaha what a pussy!
You dumb bitch you think I work for free!
You estupid bitch I dont like you how hard is it to understand You ever dream about fucking a chick, fuck her in real life then the pussy was better in the dream?
You ever had a piece of pussy man, that be on your mind like money?
You ever have sex with a pharaoh.
I put that pussy in a sarcophagus You ever randomly woke up and ya bitch standing over you, just staring.
You ever see bitches comment on a vine like oh my god, thats me!
Knowin damn well she would neva do some shit like that lmfaaoo You ever seen a fine Eskimo bitch?Im in google images looking them up now.
You fags hyped that shit up so much and I listen to it...
Everything is GARBAGE You fat hoes need to exercise and diet You following a whole bunch of bitches that look better than your girl dont do nothin but make you wanna cheat more You fuck up , I try to be nice.
I fuck up , you go ape shit and stay mad.
Wtf haha You fucking fag this is exactly what i am talking about
Well bitch you better buy a damn teddy bear.
You girls got no job, no college set up to have a better future, then get mad when a nigga leave you cause all you got is pussy You girls needa stop with the edits.
Damn near got catfished a week or two ago and the bitch keeps findin her way back You giving me head tonight or nah ?
Ill shoot your fucking pussy hoe You got 15k followers n the same bed sheets from last month ..
These bitches be confrused voice You got dykes, I got the Vics You got hoes really out there titty twerkin You got me faggot You got my name In your mouth but I got your bitch on my dick You got niggas and I got bitches You got niggas and I got bitches.
You got that pussy nigga disease aint no curing ya You got to be a bad bitch for me trip You got wild bitches tellin you liessss You gotta block dumb hoes You guys are all faggots.
You hate football your a faggot You have my word we will beat those fucking faggots pls You have no friends BC nobody wants to be guilty by association You hoes AINT fucking with me You hoes aint got no real friends cause the shit I be seeing boyyyyyyyy my friends ah burry me 6 ft under oml if Im ever slipping You hoes are in for a pleasant surprise You hoes complain too much.
You hoes give me more and more reasons everyday to stay my ass single for another 2 years You hoes love sayin You think you cute huh..
You hoes steady coming for me You just a Twitter hoe You just caught this bitch cheatin while you at work shes with some dude tryin to get off?
FUCK slittin her throat CUT THIS BITCHS HEAD OFF You just her friend im the niggah she wanna fuck wit You just salty you ugly and white they all some hoes You just worried bout the bitches, I got one girl and she my girl no one else can hit it You know a bitch is crazy when she smiles and shes upset!
You know a bitch mad when she throw her drink now she got to find another nigga to buy her another one You know bitches be mad when they be like Im my own You know how hard it is to find a good woman?
But yo hoe ass being ungrateful and cheating on your good woman cuz what?
Faggot shit.
You know how many hot bitches I own?
You know how these hoes be!
You know how these lil bitches runn they mouth up in the streets You know how trash of a grown ass woman you gotta be for a nigga to be fucking around 17 year old?
You know i stay on fuck a bitch shit but with a street nigga thats what you gonna get .
You know im not even gonna respond to that but I know the real you bitch!
You know people ghetto when they leave the plastic shit on their TVs You know random niggaz and bitches wish the worst on eachother...
You know the head good when it feel like she has a pussy stuffed down her throat You know these hoes is no good when all the singers stop making love songs You know these hoes wishy washy You know these hoes wishy washy !
You know what fuck that bitch and you didnt react?
girl its me and you You know what fuck you too bitch your such a little hoe!
You know what im into nigga ..
Money expensive bitches You know what, all you are doing is being a burden to me.
A fuckin annoyance and I hate bitches like you You know why we call life a bitch?
Cuz she dont use no lube or nothin when she stick her big ole cock up your ass and fuck you raw.
You know you a bitch ass so I dont need to say it.
You know you kinda seem like a nasty bitch.
You know you married a hoe ass bitch when she let the nigga come over and let the nigga take ya porn DVDs.
You knows dat once you white bitches has da black cock on yo uptight white asshole you wants it again and again and again You like them bitch niggas.
You like where the hell is yo bitch meanwhile yo bitch like where the hell is yo clique You lil stupid ass bitch I aint fucking with you You little dumb ass bitch I dont fuck with you!
You little stupid ass bitch I aint fuckin witchu.
You little stupid ass bitch, i aint fuckin with you!!!!!
You little twats.
You mad cuz I was in the van with yo bitch With both hands on her tits You mad cuz she fucking on ya enemy?
She wins Cuz you letting that shit fuck with you.
You cant control these hoes, why stress?
You mean these hoes Russ never gonna be happy bruh You must be part of the cat family.
Cuz youre a fucking pussy You must be retarded Quote with a thirst trap You need a muzzle for your horse face bitch.
You nigga eating these hoes pussy but they aint worth it You niggas puttin bitches you havent even fucked yet on a pedestal.
Scratch her off your hit list b.
You niggas talking to these females trying to get some pussy but dont realize youre only boosting their ego and getting curved.
You niggas that would rather your girl wear jeans and Js instead of a tight dress and heels are faggots..
You niggaz is bitches better yet actresses da k hit ya ass nd flip you like a pissy mattress You nigguhs glorifying pussies You not playing me bitch I know wassup You old bitter,salty ass niccas make my flesh crawl off my bones!
Such bitches you are!
Why you aint do this in the playoffs bitch?
You out there popping them pills fucking them stank hoes..
You poor soul Cuz fat bitches the only thing that I like You pussy if you lie for pussy You pussy nigga, I see ya whiskers You ratchet ass bitches gonna have nobody to blame but yourself when you get an std You really cant be too nice to bitches thats the easiest way to get cheated on You right fam.
jus peeped ur tl.cmon son.look at em.he a bitch You said I texted u and told u I missed you?
Yeah I did bitch like 4 weeks ago.
Grow up You said thats yo bitch but that bitch look fu You say Im a bitch?
You say it like theyre a new toy, theyre children you dumb bitch Mixed Babies,I want one You say no to ratchet pussy but juicyj cant!
Bands will make her dance You say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant.
You say that bitch bad but she aint shit to me !
You say you classy and sadity I say bitch you a tease You say you gotta new bitch?
You scared I aint scared to beat the pussy up You scum bro When tha pussy was trash but she still txt yu...
my life aint shit You see me bussing this bitch You see me shining on yo bitch ass You see these two pussies Jason capuano nd Jason cousins taking Chit on the gram but aint about that You see you?
You a bitch you....
Talk shit nigga youll get ya issue!!
You selfish bitch...
You should have to be over 6 foot and 220 lbs to buy a truck.
We know most of you get em cause youre scrawny country pussies.
You should probably go clean your nasty pussy and not worry about wtf Im doing.
You some type of special faggot if you bring chocolate Swishers to a smoke session.
You state it gook You still cant turn a hoe into a house wife !
You still fuckin with a sorry ass nigga that makes you a sorry ass bitch You still that nigga b dont trip.
They just hatin cause they got no bitches Nigga stole on me...
You tha hoe You the bitch nigga type, you aint never had a fight.
You think America has crooked laws?Women in other countries get executed in the street for shoning.You American hoes wouldnt make it.
You think Id learn by now that once red flag bullshit appears to gtfo.
But nooooo I have to have faggot ass faith in people.
You think she classy niggah but she really ratchet You think youre pussy is wet?
You thought I was playin when I cut that bitch off You too old to be on Twitter, crying like a bitch...
You dumb cunt!!
You wanna hot body You wanna Bugatti You wanna Maserati You better rob a bank bitch You wanna know some crazy shit?
Without the sunshine, you could find a SHADY bitch!
You wanna watch the game she wanna watch but yo bitch ass didnt buy her another tv so you gotta take da L You want a smart educated dumb bitch you can date.
You want me on the couch playing video games where you can see me or out with my friends with other pussy in reach, bae?
I got twenty bitch You was never with me if you let what another bitch say change your actions towards me You was nothing but a dirty whore!!!
Fuck you bitch You will never get a if you dont know how to cook for ya man fr atleast not from a nigga like me.
Slackin ass bitches You working today faggot?
You workout, tweet, Instagram, tweet, text some hoes, xbox, fall asleep these young boys aint gotta clue what grinding is You you cant get no money silly hoe Youre a bitch Aint seen yall lose that bad since At work slitting my wrists currently.
Thanks tom brady Youre a little bitch my team got blown out in the Super Bowl Youll never catch me in public with a chick that got an iPhone 4s.
Im only seen in public with classy bitches Youre a bad bitch and I want you.
Youre a bitch I hate you Youre a bitch dawg.
A straight bitch.
Youre a dumb bitch.
Youre a faggot if you use the cover your face emoji Youre a hoe ass faggot bitch cunt nigga Youre a pussy shut up Youre a stupid fucking bitch Youre a stupid hoe Youre all faggot fuckheads.
Youre an ugly fat cunt whore.
You need to odee Youre an ugly fucking bitch, get off your high horse Youre dismissed bitch.
i wanna play with you thumper..
Youre irrelevant, bitch Youre just another nigguh.
Youre no way near about that life bitch lmao Youre not a very good listener twitpic a selfie with a bad bitch Youre pussy ass set dont mean shit to me.
Youre such a fake bitch.
Youre such a pussy Youre ugly anyway hoe.
Sit tf down somewhere Youre unattractive 10,000 dinner dates with yo man bitch.
Young Thug called a bitch his twin on a track.
I dont even know what he mean by that but Im definitely bout to start calling bitches that Young bitches talk about their new man ALLLL DAY....as if anyone is really intrested in that shit lol Young jezzy dat nigguh Young, stupid ass hoes these days Your acting like a spoiled little faggot have fun Your bitch always said she wanna fuck a real nigga Your bitch choosing just LetR!
Your bitch frontin thats you!
My bitch stuntin thats me!
Your bitch got her lipstick on my dick...
Your bitch is a fake sack of potatoes Your bitch only wanna fuck when you doing something that has nothing to do with her.Like playing video games or watching the game.
Your bitch playing games?
I may be the joystick Your bitch want to fuck the squad Your bitch wants to go to Little Italy with me tonight.
Fuck a thot.
Your boobs are fake, youre a little bitch, youre not cute, and I want to punch you.
Your ex wifes tastes like sweet butter Your eyebrows on fleek, but ya pussy on stink Your girl pussy like a walk in clinic, the cure for every sick nigga Your girls pussy smells like sour cream and onions Your leader rocks a fucking mo hawk and dances like a faggot from ATL Your name follows the word cunt in the dictionary sooo whats that tell you?
Your new bitch my old hoe Your pathetic plan failed.
Enjoy my phone you fucking monkey.
Let me see your ass at Benton park.
You wanna talk shit Ill carve your face.
Your pussy hella tight.
Took me an hour to slide in that mothafucka Quote and Ill compliment you Your pussy hole must be small the adjustment phase?
Tf is gentle intercourse ....
Your retarded.
Your vaginal walls are inflammed by a fuck nigga thats fucking you and a few other bitches.
Cut em as you complete your treatment.
Youre a fucking ugly bitch, I wanna stab you to death and then play around with your blood Patrick Bateman Yous a Gold bottle, These hoes pink mascato Yous a bitch ass nigga Rt i Push the tape bac till around Labor Day weekend turn up...
Then she got AIDs and died Jenny was a bitch!
Yup, I officially do not like you.
You are a needy greedy bitch who needs to have it your way.
Yuu Hinouchi gets fucked by two guys until she gets her pussycreamed Zach Huggins tell yo bitch to leave me tf alone Zelda bitches lol Zhou Mi was just layin on his bed and SM just busted into his room and was like You gettin a song bitch Zimmerman we comin for yo life bitch.
Zuko gets bitches 9113 250 pm son of a bitch ate my mac n cheese fake bitches a bitch can have two black eyes, bloody lip, scalp bleeding, bruises, and a broken arm and still be like but i love him!
lmao a bitch in my math class right now is actually eating just straight up Nutella aaahhhhh my internet has died, for the whole weekend Im told, just in time to teach me the true spirit of christmas.
fucking cunt.
about to drunkenly get a free 3D printed bracelet that says fake ho actin awfully slutty for a bitch in a winnie the pooh sweater add me on snapchat bitches erinblair addicted to pussy poppin ah nigga dat cares about opinions and get involve in hoe shit either Gay broke or aint getting enough pussy!!
ahah fucking queer kill urself ahaha pussy is king aint Kj Mellos...
Whos daddy a fuck nicca?
aint no bitch got shit on me aint nuttin ta cut that bitch off aint the bitch Mimi still wit Gay ass Nikko????
aint trusting no bitch or no nigga...
hoe or no sucka aint nuthin retarded bout Gucci but this gold rolex aint shit pretty but my bitch and my mama ..
anyone can get the drama aint shit without my scale bitch i live that bag life aka dont ignore me bitches all I eva wanted was some muh fuckin guala all i wanted was a hundred million dollars and a bad bitch all my exes are bitches all of us on Twitter do that already lol I need.
one of you to step up and volunteer to listen to me bitch.
all the bitches love me all the money n the pussy I want, I need that there all them model hoes follow a nigga...blow up...an then hit the infamous imma only follow 25 people wave...
all these Ciara songs are old to me bitches , they from like 2 weeks ago lml, all these bad bitches, man they want the all these beautiful bitches, sucha beautiful thing all these hoes so familiar all these hoes sweating and chasing niggas on this show all yall some hoes tbh almightydavehunnas photo haha bitch ass Shmedium hit that hoe with that caption almost dragged my suite mate last night...
hoe really came banging on our door 2am although last night my lady told me the key to happiness was new pussy always my hoes skinny who are losing money due to therapy bills always okay to bring your ho to the barbershop though, they usually cool af am i the inly one seeing Austin Rivers out play bitch ass tonite?
and I gotta say I dont like this ashley brooks.
omfg creepy psycho bitch and if thats yo bitch then you may have to fight holmezz and im retarded too, i keep answering the house phone when i know it aint for me l and my bitch so bad that Im never ever cheating and these hoes shallow, shiesty, trifling, but we been knew that.
and this is why Im single, I dont fuck with bitches or there attitudes foh.
Fuck outta my face with that trash ask for my number he a lame Im like cuh, mobbin with my bitches turn down for what aw shit, Fenkell in this bitch a Alex Smith broke his pussy aye bitch try this aye jalen can I borrow 50 dollars??
It aint like yu aint got two jobs??
Well can I borrow some pussy?
I aint like yu gone give up no head!
bad bitch bad bitch bouncing on my pogo screamin yolo that nigga juelz bad bitch from lansing....she could be a model...shes a model...
bad bitch with me trying to blow me like a fuse bad bitches is the only thing i like bahaha karma is a bitch balling like Im stunna bitch based god fucked all my bitches basement diving mook bastards big bitches be sayin why yo eyes all on my stomach?
Bitch why yo stomach all in my eyes bitch I be smokin gas I could start a ferrari!!!
bitch I got the beef links bitch I might b bitch I need that body high do not fuck wit my head pleeeease bitch I seen them tricks before foh bitch Im eating!!!!!!
you are so blocked!!!
STOP WHITE PEOPLE 2014 bitch Im me....
bitch Im me.....
bitch ass arod or shorty dont hit me back up bitch ass nigga bitch betta get it right...shout out....ddaaawwgggffaaaccee cccaalldddeerooonn......dese hoes be aktin...
bitch cant hold herself down then she bound to drizzown.
bitch dick too bomb bitch dont run to the neighbor hes dead too bitch get off my twitter hoe bitch get out cha, bitch get out cha, bitch get out cha feelings.
wtf bitch goin downnnn hillllll bitch gon bounce when boosie rapping dey probably scared not too bitch i will cut you bitch idc if you like me, but you will respect me bitch im DEAD!!
Them heauxs gon put balloons in a corner take pics talkin bout We in V.I.P bitch im is not bout to get no damn flu shot....ion care if it is free....
bitch kill yoself, go on to the bathroom and eat the pills bitch, all of em bitch live a little.
beyonce fans have too much time on their hands waiting in that welfare office bitch said best way to get over a man is to get under another one!!!
smh dats ah hoe for u bitch thats yo nigga ....well you aint his bitch bitch u guessed it bitch u kno my game tight bitch we are the realest boyz.
bitch whats the plan, yo box irrelevant bitch with all niggas, hmmm she either gay or a HOE bitch you be lagging lol bitch you better not disappoint me.
bitch you gotta glo up one day.
bitch you guessin bitch you knew I was on your trail Mybad bitch youre white stfu with your shitty Spanish bitches bitches aint shit, and they aint saying nothin bitches aint shit but hoes an tricks bitches already twerkin on cinegram, this shit may jus be better than instagram bitches and subtweets lml bitches and their door slamming habits ctfuu bitches at ricks in justice tank tops tho bitches be brilliant..haha
bitches be half naked in their avis talking about I dont send nudes bitches be hating bitches be like Im a squirter but thinkin pissin is squirting?
no bitch 2 different places bitches be like im mixed wit Italian Chinese nd African American I be like bitch just cuz you ate ur bitches be peekin bitches been thotting so long when they get exposed to something decent they get overwhelmed bitches come go ya know that bitches corny af you claim to be happy but cry everyday, ooh iight where they do that?
hmmmm bitches dont knw what to let ride certain shit aint work mentioning bitches dumb bitches bitches love Sosa so I guess Ill wear Sammy Sosa bitches love beyonce bitches love good morning posts bitches please in napa fewer than 100 people were injured and literally 2 of those were reported as critical bitches stay in they feelings bitches talk...
hoes talk even more!!!
bitches that dont eat meat are likely to develop mental illness
bitches tryna be down but I aint for that relationship life right now.
bitches who never knew me now calling me WesGod bitches.
boats n hoes bobby bitch, make that body flip, you know i dont know karate bitch bout to beat this case like a pussy nigga bout to get some twitter bitches, my twitter fame raising dawg brb, skipping out of a bball game with Obama to whoop s hoe ass.
breh its a polygamist town in arizona if u wanna have bitches on deck move there bruh YouTube a bitch ass nigga bruh on me bruh.
bunch of pussies but I didnt get a write up thank god lol dumb white bitch but Id rather be a free man in my grave than living as a puppet or a slave but above those shit options bitch would be free alive and rich but at the same time she hates me so I dont wanna trust her bitch ass but i do know one thing though, bitches they come they go, Saturday through Sunday monday, monday through sunday yooooo but shawty you not a bitch you the one I get money wid butt chug 4lokos or nah byeeeee bitch, call me bitch can bitches at least wait till its their bday month to put that shit up?
damm yall stingy cant get over how many hoes i flexed on last night cant fuck around wit young niggas cause they be acting like hoes cant hate onna bitch getting paid for what she got cant stand when a nicca pillow talk about you to a bitch cant trust niggas when it come to bitches car anxiety is a bitch.
cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit by you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit, now you shut up bitch.
coons coulda been trash talking that nigga cuz NIGGA GOT SPANKEDDD IN FANTASY countin all my hoes nigga, thats all i knows nigga crazy bitch, I like the way you ride this dick ctfuu bitch tried getting tough with me then ran inside to get her husband hahaha curiosity killed the cat, bitches gunna die out here just to see my head game cut that bitch off dad isnt your name faggots a little more fitting.
damn flowers for the ladies dick for the hoes lol damn I have nothing to tweet,nothing to complain or bitch about lol damn bitch lmao damn they gonna leave beth here long term.
trash damnnnn when u unfollow ah bitch after fucking wit dey nigga dat make yall feel some kind of way????
darf retarded lol dat mean u ugly hoe if only getting fuck doggie style hot nigga dats why u cant pass up on bitches cuz dey ah make it seems like u sweating dem....Man U knw dat man couldve fuck u deadass wanted the sauce till shit got real then niggas wanna back up ooh iight then smh pussy deal with you bitches when I feel like it dealing with your bitch ass is so annoying deans crying because she needs to pee peter keeps saying nigger dear michele bachman...
shut the fuck up you crazy bitch.
dear spoiled suburban bitch...
dem niggas ca have them white hoes....
I love my beautiful black sistas....
des hoes wishy washy dey selling liquor drinks in dis bitch too!!
did this bitch really awake me from my slumber to help pick out her avatar tho digging a hole is very satisfying, its climbing out thats a bitch.
dis Morgan hoe in da middle of erything....
dislike people who bitch about other people being in relationships dislike people who bitch about people being single do bitches still love sosa?
lmfaoooooooooooo do these bitches that tweet about taking adderall everyday think their hard or nah do they even make dresses any more that have straps cover your ass?
Some of us have no tits a big ass.
I will settle for a trash bag do you think all the rice fags are at McDonalds?
dont be on that ho shit dont be surprised when Im a bitch to you because youre always a dick towards me dont bitch about my attitude because youre the reason I have one dont even entertain these hoes, got somebody too important.
dont follow me and unfollow me, you are retarded dont get it twisted, its my shit.
Bow down bitches.
dont give ah fuck about ah bitch or ah nigga!!!
dont look at me like Ive got a banana in my hand, you fucking monkey.
dont try to be nice to me after you were being a bitch done everything but trust these hoes done with all the riff raff, bitchin with your bitch assss donkey son of a bitch mother fucker dont acknowledge these hoes.
Be a rapper or a bitch?
haha draymond green a bitch ass nigga bruh drop it a day early fuck niggas need to hear it now was so hard but thats trash compared to dumb ugly stupid bullshit ass bitch eagles are fucking cunts eli manning looks like a idiot when hes talking to the guys on the sideline with his hands up .
like retarded af emers a bitch errybody in dis bitch getting tips whispers errybody in dis bitch getting tipsy especially since Rick and Andrea are banging each other in the comics but the bitch died already even tho i killed a pussy nigga i hope he go to heaven Young Thug even though my baby is an invisible non existent bitch every lady aint no hoe but every lady sure aint no queen every time I ask for something the waitress touches my knee till Im done asking.
That mean she tryna give a nigga some pussy dont it.
every time i say i dont like someone, boxer, rapper, etc., everyone bitches their fucking heads off as if it changes my opinion.
every time i try to quit smoking, some dumb bitch always gotta be fucking annoying and try my patience lmfao every time this bitch makes a status about guys she texts me like whatttt loll everybody fuckin everybody bitch everybody wit the shits, thats lifee everybody gettin sick I feel like supa man in dis bitch everybody stay yelling its pregant season nooooooooo bitch its my nigga dont wanna were a rubber pussy to good season tf everybody talking bout hoes fighting Im lurking on some money everybodys favorite phrase to try and end an argument You do you and I do me lmao faggots everyone report for being a huge faggot everyone thinks of you as a hoe so idk why youre trying to talk eww I hate how bitches dress sometimes faggot faggot time HE CIRCLED THE BLOCK FOR 3 HOURS faggots fags god damn fat bitches fat bitches heeeey fat dykes make me want to vomit fat white bitch an a skinny po black nigga......yeah im in Metairie fa sho....
favoriting a bitch pic is flirting nowadays feel like im at home when im in dis bitch first thing to do during the zombie outbreak
sell my hoe flappy bird makes me want to smash my fuckin screen for the insecure girl, ya name i wont mention.
on instagram straight flciking, bitch you nipple slip away from stripping.
foreign bad bitch n she said her name trinaaa trap house look like it got hit by hurricane katrinaaaa foreign iphone imma call a goth hoe french montana gotta give that kardashian bitch 2 mil cuz of a divorce ill never marry none u bitches from conversation at that...
These hoes be falling too easy.
fuck ah bitch all I think about Is commas!!!
fuck twitter i aint getting on this bitch no more fuck u bitch fuck u bitch fuck your an bitch fuckin twats.
fucking CHRIST i hate tutors and TAs.
you literally get paid to teach retards to stop picking their nose.
GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY FACE fucking hot boots.
Lick those soles clean.
fucking queer fuk you u stupid twat fuk upd dik suker and wipe that cum off ur lip gay ass fags geekylesbianscientists theblairbetch douglasrichardsonships kaylabird okay but consider this though...
get on my level bitch im careful who I kick it wit get over it pussies getting every dolla out this bitch girl acting like Im staring at her bitch I just cant laugh at your joke?
GET A REAL FUCKING JOB gonna get a tattoo of a teardrop on my dick cause i murdered that pussy gonna have them pussies mix up some concrete today.
teach them to pose like me.
I am a badass motherfucker.
and I will let you be too good dick tattoos bitches like dat...
talk to dem any kind of way the bitches like dat...
goodnight you stuck up twats for not laughing at my tweets got a bitch so bad you cant afford to fuck got a death wish against like 675 cunts, Im just no a happy man got ah tight schedule...
fuck ur bitch just met her!!!
got cramps bitches?
got like 4 hoes in my low pro got my bitch in her whip coming to pick me up got these bad bitches waiting on me got to the club early just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up got your hoe on the scroll gotta 9 for the bitches outta line gotta clear ya throat of all that pussy eh...
My voice is the deepest in the morning gotta remind myself to put da phone down sometimes cuz I get sidetracked when I see all these bad bitches n den get mad cuz I cant meet em gotta tip for the monogamous niggas, yo bitch fuckin anonymous nigga.
greatwhiteprivilege straight people are like can we all just be nice to each other and queer people are...
grew up in this shit stuck wit da shit, u too pussy to fuck wit dis shit but im in love wit dis shit guy complains to me are oversensitive...
my response and look at you complaining like little pussy.
ha fucking twat.
U of C study thinks so happy halloween bitches harm this pussy instead missing 26yrold USC medical student last seen Tuesday May harm himself has anyone noticed that aliens have flaws too, some of those retards have crash landed on earth?
means they dont know how to drive hate when hoes caption shit who is she lol shit is hella cheesy hate when you point out truths to people, and they flip the script like youre in the wrong, bitch what ?
having one of those days where a pimp wants to unfollow every bitch in a 30 mile radius on IG that wont let me beat he had a song called Hit u from the back with the iconic lines There they go!
a big ole pack of pretty bitches...
no he just fuck with busted basic bitches lol he said its a black bitch he was actually crying bitch heard ya got a man hoe hope he understand tho hell would freeze over before I ever let any bitch kick me in the fuckin face hell yeah Im being a pussy cat today..
dont forget a sexy one henny cups on all that ice bitch im froze up her friends said I was shallow, conceited and controlling.
I grabbed her wrist and said never talk to those fat jealous bitches again!
her ass mann bro i can sit on her shit l she walk by like i wasnt gone grab it bitch bye her fuckin jaw unhinged she is eating this bitch whole fuCK THIS SHIT her pussy like me, her heart like fuck it.
hey im not bragging but im like the best at haggling, you know I got that cash, capitalism, ho!
hey new followers waving welcome ion be talking bout shyt tho, just retarded ass thoughts that pop up in my head hey shawnda..
Im rich bitch!!
hi, i am neither dumb, nor a bitch.
hit that bitch with a reality check.
bitches love reality checks.
hit the strip club and see some bitches I went to school with......
hoe ass nigga hoe w the chanel backpack......
hoes aint shit when it comes to ah loyal woman!!!
hoes are always putting your self in a nigga situation yall not going to be satisfied till you get your ass beat by a nigga.
hoes even stupider hoes get beat 2...
n if any nigga knw me dey ah tell u I stay wit ah pistol n always ready to squeeze hoes get mad when they think you forget them hoes in my iPhone...
hoes like when you honest, they say its different.
hoes need to stay in hoes place fr hoes pick me like dandelions hoes thinkin 2014 turns them into born again virgins.
hold on bitch im about to pray then after that imma grab the bible hollywood, if you really want to break my heart make a movie about a handsome retarded man who is good at flash and has a mean girlfriend.
holy fuck yall are little bitches.
its like 50 in san antonio stfu holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal honestly, I just do it for the bitch mob hope gezus gets shot in his faggot head hope this bitch is prepared for the aftermath of what she did hot nigga is just as big as I dont like was.
bobby bitch nice too he wont tho how many fingers does a bitch gotta break so mother fuckers will stop taking my god damn lighters how many of U hoes bad ass little kids dont their medication and cut up in school every week?
how the fuck do all these fucking faggot ass randos even find zoes ask account????
TF how you settin trends when youre rappin about wearing the same shit everyone else is wearin and rappin about?
The far left looks the best if you ask me, bitches try too hard.
Just be yourself, especially if youre thick this bitch If those asshats at CAIR called ME an islamophobe I would say guilty fuck you...
Pass the bacon bitch cheeks gone be cold than a bitch Arial Rose Athletic Asian babe plays with her pussy afterexercising Avery Adorable and petite red haired teen plays with her shavedpussy Cassie Laine Brunette slips off her lingerie and massages her wet pussy withoil Crystal Star Leggy and playful babe Crystal Star spreads her pussy foryou Evilyn Fierce Naughty girl next door pummels her pussy with a purpletoy Ioana Tiny teen Ioana fucks her tender pussy with avibrator Kleopatra Ivory skinned Nubile Kleopatra fingers her shavedpussy Lilith Lee Hot blonde teen fucks her tender pussy with adildo Lola Foxx Nubile coed shows off her pink pussy while she fondlesherself Lola Foxx Steaming hot Nubile Lola Foxx shoves her dildo deep into her wetpussy Leo get the fuck off of vine you fag hungrier then a ho hurt ass how ah whole nigga hate on a bitch ????
tf i aint worried about a nigga takin my bitch.
i am one of those people who needs reassurance so damn often, that im not the ugliest bitch in the world.
i been fucked that hoe she a nobody i bet yo bitch try n slide once i let my hair down i can be a sweetheart honestly, but being a bitch is my specialty i dont shit talk, i chip talk, dese niggaz jus bitch talk, dese niggaz jus chik stalk, naw i aint got no chik...
i find it funny when fags write looking for bf on a grindr ap.
LOL thats a fucking ap dumbass.
i got 3 in a 24 ounce bitch i got some retarded ass friends, but i love em tho they make my life nicer.
i got, 300 bitches like Im Sosa hoe..
my jewelery shinin like some mop and glo i gotta team of hoes like pat summit..
foul living bitches i hate hoes.
i hate my manager so much she makes me wanna throw silverware at her stupid bitch ass i hate the whole, slut, hoe, thot talk lol given what im sure peoples personal inboxes and late nights look like i have to be the taller older bitch i havnt fought a bitch ina minute.
i head butted a bitch in the club.
Bitch i know your head hurts!
i just fell in love with a bitch with a stupid bootyyyyyy i just realized me and have been talking shit to each other nonstop for the past 48 hours.
stop texting me bitch.
i like chillin with yo bitch I like fuckin her i listened to dedication 4 about three times exactly, any more than that gon make you a pussy eater i love bad bitches thats my fucking problem i love how when it was airing everyone loved kill la kill but i was like no its fucking trash and now everyone who loved it hates it i might need to get some hoes i need one of these around the world twitter bitches cause these local facebook hoes aint cuttin it lol i need some claritin clear in this bitch i need to go to the mexican flea market and grab some fake gucci sandals so i can stunt on you hoes i never knew a mother so heartless and such a bitch, if it were my mother she would have been popped on foh i pop dontae already i got bitch for dah Big 30 yaknow i ran out This hoe just texted me asking to borrow a roll of tissue until tomorrow i really hate when hungry bitches put dick between friends.
i swear yall should get beat the fuck up.
i really want an xbone now and if you said i would say this a week ago i would call you a super retard i seen a nigga dressed to impress, hop out da bus n a bitch wit a phatty, get off at his stop too.
Say somethin...GOD THROWIN U DA LOB i still dont understand why bitches at my high shool would put on false eyelashes every fucking day i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one raped.
i think im addicted to naked pictures an sittin talkin bout bitches we almost had i want a dyke clique i was emo ok emosquad2k10 get on my level bitch i was enjoying nicki minajs song anaconda until she said fuck skinny bitches.
lol nah bitch fuck you i was gone for 2 days dont her bitch ass miSS ME i was lit den a bitch last night i was never mean to you after we broke up ,you keep making me seem like an ass.
i never went off to party and fuck bitches i wish i was lesbian so i wouldnt have to deal with bitch boys but mostly bc girls are rlly hot i wonder why girls can call eachotha bitches they cool with it but when a nigga call dem one mfas all out they Body i wont get catfished anymore tho bc im no longer trying to stick myy pp into Twitter hoes i wouldnt for michaelangelo YAAAAAAASSS!!!
These hoes out of control id go to jamaica n attend those wild dancehall events, to jus five star frog splash a bitch off a tree n get on id rather sit alone than fuck w iffy bitches.
im also looking to hire full time bitches im sorry but if you dont eat seafood solely by the fact that its from the ocean, you are seriously an unrespectable pussy.
im sorry i called you a gaptoothed bitch, its not your fault youre so gaptoothed iont neva chase hoes they move to slow i let em chase me id look real retarded trynna hi 5 myself , so ill just do it in my head idgaf bout no basic bitch idk what planet this bitch works on but on planet earth, following my supervisors instructions does not mean im being resistant idk yall ppl that gowent to AT ackin like yall shocked about 70 bodies..
it was some first class hos at T that I knew personally if a bitch dont like me, somethin wrong wit da bitch if a bitch would everrrrrrr if a girl a hoe but she aint stealing anyones man then stfu if ah nigga beefing wit u dey gon try to fuck ur bitch just to kill u slower....
if anyone reviews a 5 game loan player you are a cunt shouldnt be doing 5 game reviews especially at the start of FIFA if bitches wanna nigga, get off the couch and go fine one if dey go to linch together, she gon eat that pussy befo they come back....
Nigga that talk the most trash in smash bros be the shittiest, these are facts if ive ever been a faggot to you let me know and ill change if someone thinks you have hoes, they just saying that cause either they wanna be one or be the only one if u dolled up I got the voodoo 4 u bitches if u get mad or in ur feelings bout Zoes vs Yanks tweets then twitter aint for u!!!
I be rolling at this shit tho if u gon be wit ur bae even if he or she cheat just shut the fuck up and take the dick or pussy...
after all aint nothing better then love if uckin love freebees like pom Im so duck to have here in hm life if yo girl doesnt swallow kids, that bitch basic!
if you can fuck my bitch, cause nigga im the shit Ill salute ya if you delete tweets over one hour after you tweet them, you are a gigantic pussy if you have that lil pussy stomach pouch thingy, dont wear no tight clothes.
shit is unattractive.
if youre into unlocking badgesstickers online you should have to wear them around in real life so the rest of us know what a cunt you are.
if youre only way of trying to make me feel bad is by calling me a fat bitch, whore, etc.
if your trying out for Noncontact hockey dont call anyone else a pussy if youre not cheering for mexico youre a little bitch iggy wanna be black so bad.
she gone come back everytime imma tall dread head wit a fat face
bitch do better in fucking mexico bitches in order too want a real nigga , you gotta be a real bitch in real life and online I follow that.
sorry folks but just cause I look like a border hopper dont mean I am one.
born and raised here inb4 you unfunny nigger kill yourself ion care if Im in the wrong bitch dont blow ur horn at me ion care who my niggas date b if the bitch make you happy and you cool with her then do you ion have hoes so really you have no reason to worry about me cheating.
if anything ill cheat on you with my left hand lbr ion sell vics no mo ion drink lean no mo bitch ion even smoke tree no mo ion speak on how flaw niggas and thirsty hoes be on I.g but boyyyyyy look at here ion trust these bitches and ion trust these niggas!!!
is everyone gonna be a complete whiny little baby bitch about this shit now lmao is money over bitches is the bitch in the new transformers hot?
it is my God given right to have white bitches it means that im following orders and being subordinate.
sue me, ya dyke it might rain today, hmmm..
I dont want to look like a pussy carrying an umbrella around but I also dont want to risk my perm getting wet.
its 2014 bitches need to be ready for the D fellaz!
Let that high school tease shit last a day.
its Friday bitches its amazing what hood bitches wear I they body and in they head its been ten mins, bitch I gave you a 2 min assignment lmfaooooo its everything to cut that bitch off its gotten to the point where I literally dont care and Im gonna start punching bitches if they dont move in the hallway its been 5 years and this bitch still thinks im over how she did me over.
decline ive went through 50 fags in 5 days, not very happy jackie peyton you are a fucking bitch.
damn thats the best shit you pulled jacobs just like stfu bitch jesus christ youre a fucking retard if you believe in Mercurian retrograde affecting your life jooooooked out 4 old hoes, a ponk, and a dyke outchea having girl talkLMAO just a casual ghetto family twerk session just got done biking with my dyke just like girls cant be a hoe....
guys cant hit a girl back...
just like i made you hoes come for me , i can make yall go away just made TMobile my bitch kicking this bitch to the curb bruh.
leaving no hope for these hoes.
let the hoe ass falcons get steven wackson and our 1st rd pick life is ya professor better know that bitch is gone test ya life to great to be mad all day...
bitch Im bless move ur negativity dat way like look at this annoying little 1718 year old asking for a ride haha fuck her poser bitch ass like a bitch pic is flirting nowadays like a bitch wit no ass u aint shit like a slow death How does it feel to have a shit load of nudes to fap to but not one bitch to fuck?
like if you are going to be a sensitive lil bitch, do not talk to me.
lil bitch lil bitch thats down to make your bond aint got to tell her lil stupid ass bitch little stupid ass bitch, I aint fuckin wit chuuu lmao Im weakkk My pussy popz Severely LMFAOOOOOOOO lmao Lmaooo Im not a hoe Im a people person lmao Tu Madre nacho doritos trash lmao Im 25 years old, Im tryna have some fun!
Im a hoe lmao Nigga ran a Ponzi scheme on them hoes.
lmao little does this bitch know...
haha that sounds retarded.
lmaoooo Lol OK pal what bitch gone tell me no?
lmaooooo when you sit in a ghetto girls seat at lunch lmaooooo relax 590 on Ya mark bitch ass.
Fuck the state of Texas lmaoooooo Dude said bitches from NY fuck to Redmans greatest hits lmaoooooo eat that goal faggot lmfao what?
If your back is dry when you get out the shower youre a hoe!
lmfaooo Whenever you take selfies at work, its always one hatin ass bitch in the comments talmbout you aint workin lmfaooo I cant yo .
this bitch has officially crossed the line lmfaoooo Wiz is a perfect example of how fame can get you bitches.
He looks like your typical tweaker homeless woman.
lock that bitch too keep the heat out SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!
lol all the hoes Ive been through, only to realize that I dont fuckin need any of them.
lol Youre a stupid ass bitch remember michael brown?
lol when you bae game an unknown hoe screaming his name loud asfck lol bitches aint shit...
lol i liked that album That Double Up Album was so trash son...smh lol if you hate me i really dont give a shit because ive either done nothing to you bc youre just a bitch lol ok cunt lol stupid ass bitch I dont fuck w you lol unfaithful hoes loner..
stoner..
tell yo bitch to bite da boner look at that bitch right there, right there look at this bitch feet, how is she high fashion cuh look at this bitch, walking too close to my future husband looking like a hillbilly and not matching is what I do best goodnight losers looks like my highlight of the night will be getting Lewis and having a quick fag outside work lost a couple online matches in nhl14.
bitch hit me with her car.
just one of those days love females but hate bitches lrt I just did im saddened bc she been tweeting like a hoe lrt turnup lil bitch maddie, karissa, Ireland, cierra and I have gotten so close Id kill a bitch for them tbh make ur bitch want some more making sweet love to my hand cause i cant buy a hoe tonight making the shittiest pigs in a blanket but theyre gonna be good.
im not tryna impress Gordon Ramseys bitch ass im trying to make poop.
man I gotta hang out with snoop lion aka nemo hoes man kills mother of 2 after she reveals shes hiv positive after having sex...that bitch deserved it maryjanemilitantque you got that bomb azz pussy lol maybe bitches will stop talking about this dude omari one day me and peter have always been slaying these hoes me loving a hoe is ah No No me complains about suburban white girls suburban white girl youre a bitch me ok u literally just proved my point mickeyblowsyourmind who wants to be a skype group with a bunch of offensive new york city queer folk Me!...
might have to play the b2k tonight for my black hoes you know i still care about yal mmm you still a hoe money before bitches, bc bitches follow money.
hanging wit snitches shit it wasnt my intention mother fuxker the devil is ah lie bitch Im the truth my NECK!
my BACK!
my bitch is in town my bitch look like a black barbie n nigga imma ken doll breath smellin like filet mignon and menthols..
my bitch stay my bitch so dont look she keep that pussy tucked my bitches getting even badder my brothers asshat friends think its okay to vandalize our property because hes a racist wana be redneck.
my chick badder than your basic bitches my dads a fuckin dick bitch i made your ass supper youre not allowed to come home mad my drugs are green my bitches white my eye don got lazy reading and looking at u bitches flawged and lie all day my flow sicker then then the bitch magic Johnson was lickin my little sisters kik name is thot ass thot why all my sister have to be freak hoes my main bitch my mom tried to get me to buy beaner boots bc they were on sale like Im not in a mariachi band please stop.
my mother raised a cunt...
lol my nigga is a bad ass bitch forreal forreal my nigguh wtf my pussy pops severely, and yours dont!!!
my right ear is throbbing harder than a virgins pussy my side bitch is my main bitch cuz my main bitch aint feelin me nomo...nomo my timeline looks thirsty bc all you basic hoes keep talking bout the same nigga that dont matter ctfuu my tweets aint shit but you bitches aint either n I cant even enjoy the reg House Hunters, which is 1 of my fav shows..because I know House Hunters International bitch ass comes on next n if you following me too be messy your gonna die a slowly painful lonely ass death bitch nasty hoe need to get the sheriff Rick in here to show these pussy ass police officers who is boss.
negro always falling asleep on me...
Ive never had a nigger cock neva been a bitch nigga you dont want them problems bro!!
never change Ill never wife ah bitch no never had I had a problem with a girl in my years of being in school but this otter looking twat better quit giving me looks never lie never cry never die we gone die love my friends love my hoes yellow sluts call them gold never lie never cry never die we gone die love my friends love my hoes yellow sluts call them gold never lose bitches chasing money never trust a hoe never would I put bacon grease on my face and let a werewolf eat my face to save a bitch.
nigga paybacks a bitch and bitch you been livin in debt with me nigga relax lmao I cheat on my girl with regular bitches so this a no brainer.
nigga u a cunt where yo fendi clutch niggah hurry up niggas bitches dating ugly niggas hoes kuz they can trust em then they cheat w the elite hoes niggas ...
niggas aint playin a gram of defense man George need to tell these bitch ass niggas man up niggas are jus like btchs talking bout a hoe then right back in her face dnt come to me talking bout nan hoe if you gne b right back fwher niggas bugging if they think my bitch aint gunna tell me something, HA niggas get a fresh cut, snapback to match the shoes and shirt.....and dont even say waddup to the pretty bitch next to em in da bus niggas living like hoes dats why dey dying bout nothing niggas need to learn to ride for there homies, not for the crew hoes smfh.
niggas not stepping up they still tryna get back in the day kinda pussy lol niggas stay with insides over some hoe shit niggas talk bout hoes, but the same hoes be in their beds at night ctfuu niggas w bitch mentalities is a no go .
niggas wait in line for jordan releases, puttin they life on the line, jus to impress some bitches no LMFAO those trash tho Candy corn Js sirhampton These hard?
no bitch I did not want to wear makeup no flex zone....
hoe no hoe shit or roxy shit but dawggg I swear I aint knw Kia no how to fight...
no im not weezy bitch im wheezy from that chronic cough no lie tho im weak for a pretty bitch.
have me doing all type of shit that aint really me.
no need to be a bitch.
have fun with those repressed memories nobody bout their actions, you all pussy nobody likes bloody nips!
nobody understands me besides my day 1 bitch, please come back bc Im tired of these females thinking they know me.
nobody want a nigga to take them out on an expensive date....
just dont expect pussy cause you took the girl out...
like TF none here Chantel lol There has got to be some hoes.
none of them 3 bitches look like dey ca boil a egg, but working at buds broiler....
not even sorry lmao growing up not having shit and STILL having to work for shit i deserve and seeing bitches get whatever pisses me off not in the business of submitting to no bitch bruh bruh.
not that its tit for tat...
but we dont say shit to our boy just like you dont check that insufferable bitch you call a best friend.
nvm its all good nothing is wrong with bitches of course killed it!!
Me and my sis rocked that bitch hard!!
ofcourse when someone asks what else to eat, jackass over here goes brownies BIG surprise here...
oh damn dis bitch found out her baby dead and now shes gonna torture the murderer lmao how fun oh well.
hes a fag anyways.
okay bitch listen up this is important ,,,,,,,, ur eyebrows should not be a centimeter apart !!!!
okay but how many people really care if you can see a girls nips through her shirt okc nigguh omfg Your feet bitch Whisper something dirty in my ear omg Fat bitch.
bitch swooped in out of nowhere and changed the dress code.
no dark scrubs or sweaters omg that bitch sang uninvited?
ugh Setlist omg this movie is str8 up retarded, lil duval actually taller den kevin hart, n mikepps is a dayum principal on my way to fuck your bitch on some field nigger shit on the low, wassup with you hoe?
one big lecture hall full of bitches in sequins limited too tank tops one day im like harry styles is so hot the next day is who tf is this faggot one deep in my phantom ghost, bad bitch with me excuse me where my manners go one fly ass bitch one good girl is worth 1000 bitches one of the managers tried me talking about stay till 2am and aint nobody ordering.
i walked SHMOOVE out that bitch one time for the illest bitch alive one time for the real niggas , two times for the bad bitches .
two you a damn hoe.
only lesbians get their nips pierced ew only like bitches ran for homecoming but like 20 running for prom or dead Word If ya moms calling the cops after she aint heard from you for four days you probably pussy or my cup filled Love a bitch that know to keep me one rolled ouh she got da spider pussy!
ow my stomach hurts like a bitch paper ova pussy pay back a bitch aint it paybacks a bitch and bitch youve been livin in debt with me people be shooting their guns around here late as fuck got me thinking they tryna shoot my black ass 4 jammin jiggaboo music pimps up hoes down!!!
please tell this bitch Im subbin her, ik one of you faggs on here fuck with those lames, shit Im blocked or I would lol pls stop gassing fat hoes pockets hella empty but these bitches steady choosing.
pony tail red nails still in school bitch pop me a pill throw that pussy a rave praying for a bitch pregnant at the same time and bitches think thats cute procrastination is a bitch prolly sum hoe tryna get in the hurricane free who sent that nigga to Twitter tho pull out my bank roll on yall bitches like whoa pull up eat on that pussy and dip punch a bitch on her lip hahaha pure trash push a bitch out a car like im Gucci Mane bitch !
pussy pussy aint shit but a product you either gonna get onna muscle or you gotta pay pussy ass bitches pussy ass people with guns and knifes, foh i appreciate the people still willing to throw hands pussy boy gone die a bitch pussy causes wars.
pussy is a joke you can either get it or not get it.
thats some goddamn motherfucking cunt ass bullshit!!!
cus it is real nigga shit she wanna be a righteous young rich nigga bitch really bitch really out here tho bitch.
really tired of having a constant bitch face red bone but her pusssy hairlessss redneck in the White House Moccasin Creek remember going out to actually freak a bitch?
yeah that vibe is back.
retard.
retweeting ah bitch tweet is flirting nowadays rt if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe rule number 1 never fuck wit ah bitter babymama dey gon spray u str8 up....
its really fucked up, it should not be this way but it is.
that makes you a huge faggot in my book.
sexy ass bitch eating a fry she caught three nuts but she never catch feelings and bitch wit dat disposition we can count millions she let me play with her pussy then she lick it off my fingers.
she on my mind, cant get this bitch off my mind.
she pooted Either Young Thug gay, or this bitch pooted she thru me dat pussy but I never caught it...
it got to much mileage shes a hoe, shes a slut, shes a freak.
shid, I thought it was legal to beat yo hoe.
shit bitch nigga shit shit i wanna know if my bitch gone protect me shit piss fuck cunt cocksucker motherfucker tits shitting on these crusty hoes shout out to the bitches who like gum i be chewing that shit showin more love to bitches fucked on the side shut up bitch shutup fag on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me !
skinny young nigga n im finer than my bitch slap a hoe slap these hoes on the ass like we birthed em slay me lolz jk bitch Ill cut you slow replies make me feel like a retard and I just want to put my foot through a wall...
hjhdyhdhlgjdftilh slut whore hoe slut.
specky.
albino lesbo.
smells meaty up in dis bitch smh That shit trash rap legend.
snow day bitches, lyrics gettin done n bud getting smoked so cold ma nig so it turns out Hope Solo is one crazy bitch so quit suckin on my dick and hop your fat ass elsewhere cuz i aint tryna fuck with your globe ass bitch got her own orbit so to dodge them niggas dont brag dont boast dont flash for hoes dont sag so low thats how u end uo in correctional like u answered wrong!!
so whatcha say hoe you know im the hoe so y we ordering lunch at work to be delivered n its like 10 ppl goin n n Im the only one wit a card n this ho gonna say..
some cunt go get me amber leaf and papers?
cani be arsed walking to nisa some guy said I was wearing leggings and laughed and called me a fag.
theyre JEGGINGS, asshole.
some prude bitch unfollwed me show me ur ugly face some rich pussy with some bullshit rich problem.
idea for an independent film somebody put a sticker on my dogs cheek bitch someone just called someone a bitch ass nigga on black ops someones clearly a stinky ass beaner...
sometimes Im just like wow this bitch had the audacity to talk shit ....
look at you and your life then look at me and mine son of a bitch.
soon As u get some PT and yall wonder why I go so hard on these hoes!!!
bitches aint shit smh...
sorry me and be fucking bitches and we hella icy sorry wrong bitch spoiled fucking bitches who get whatever they want need to step off and reevaluate their lives sprayed da vee wit peppermint oil hopefully dat fuckin spider leaves or dies..
I hope dat bitch dying slow right now spring break bitches steph curry looked like a little bitch gettin handled like a rag doll lmfaooo stfu redneck white trash head ass still got a hoes tho..
still trash stinky hoe stroking otha niggas hoe is my hobby stuffed her like an Oreo stupid ass hoe stupid bitch stupid bitch count to H and get off my phone stupid cunts stupid fucking metal bird stupid loose pussyed bitch sup bitches swat to the twat sweet Jesus, Im a beleiber Look at this bitch nigga tho talk of the morning is hoes and rappers , damn yall talk about the same shit everyday talking crazy over the Internet is the same thing as doing it in person.
dont try to be buddy buddy with me later on faggot fuck you.
tears dont call me sweetie you fucking retard tell me why nick cannon bout to invite wiz to wildn out an hit him wit the i fucked your bitch diss haha tell the hating niggah stfu thank god FOB didnt come back doing some shitty arena tour.
SYKEEEE that bitch flawless af that bitch looked wierd !
that bitch!!!
how can she treat Turtle like that?
that finger to the face pose bitches do now a days, like chick no i wanna see those lips that ho said 9.63 when I got to the register that hoe aint there anymore that hoe that you in love with?
So just be a bitch..
that lil bitch released the exclusive shower photos between niggas.
that pussy so wet Im calling it rain that was me trying to be mature about the subject.
what kind of fucking pussies are you to bitch about a satirical tweet against asians?
thats top off, pop off, im with my dogs like stewie griffin, bitches hear me they be like ooh he rippin the of my tna watching is so bad I cant even mocklive tweet it the Hitman Holla vs Charlie Clips matchup is bittersweet.
shits gonna be cold cus HITMAN HOLLA GONNA WORK but its his last battle.....
the bae gettin her nips pierced the big lips was in the ad bitch the bitch loudly cheering for the netherlands at rosa mexicano does not seem to value her life the bitch mob is bad for your health the craziest hos for no reason on TV hands down are Teirra Marie however ghetto way she spell it and Siahs cute ass girl the devils been sending his workers to get at me lately...
pussy fuck boy try harder..
2ssss the fact that Soulja Boy on 2 dif reality shows wit 2 dif bitches..
the jews gon be laughin at a nigga on Judgement Day when they see how ugly this bitch was the microwave at work is broken, so my ghetto ass put a hamburger patty in the toaster to warm it up..
the mom acts like a bitch doe like ok ur losing ur memory but dont be a cunt to ur daughter the niggas on twitter like I eat pussy and yada yada is the niggas with STIs and shit the only place I ever ask them to drive me is to the rave for shows and they fucking bitch about that the opening to Donatella inspires me to wake up and be the baddest bitch I know I can be every day thank you the receptionist im always forced to talk to is such a racist cunt.
the sassy clerk at the post office was curious why I was getting packages from Japan, bitch Im just buyin toys the seamstress gon doMOB Action in this bitch, u meaningless to da crew!
the things I do for this bitch smh the type of pipe to put rhianna to sleep excuse me that bitch been on my mind all week them bitches are good lmao then yall tweet about not trusting hoes like that shit aint common sense already there aint one UNpregnant bitch in the world anymore Smh theres 13 people in my house and theyre all yelling pls god give me the strength not to beat a bitch.
I hope Floyd beat mayweather or I hope New Orleans beat the saints these bitches act local and think global.....
these bitches be wasting time on some ungrateful niggas these bitches climb on me climb on me these bitches is running out of tricks pimping.
barely catching my attention.
these bitches need to be called out Im sorry these bitches singing this song tho these hoes these hoes aint loyal n these niggas aint either!!
fuck ah bitch get ah bird these hoes be lying to us nigga these hoes bout to prosper on cinegram these hoes give it up now, shame i could see they cherry stems in the fucking street.
these hos really be hatin on Draya fine ass these judges gon try hoe Floyd if he dont show out this last round these niggas out here bitchin tell em suck sumn these bitches see my vision tell em fuck sumn these pussy ass niggas aint bout that life they blame it on the alchohol but claim the truth come out when they drunk..they defend the hoe being a hoe, you backward ass mofos they gotta sell they ugliness Ugly bitches be the most stuck up ...
bitch I aint never seen Ben Franklin sleep they shot another monkey lmaooooooooooo theyre working on a bill to prevent retards from voting.
who knew retards COULD vote?
think i should change Doctors Advocate to cunt that goes mental thirsty ass bitches shit dat ion like...
this bitch this bitch bad...
firebird shit aint even drop yet!!
this bitch is weird she knows too much this bitch is winning with popcorn this bitch just said id suck your dick if it was legal to my cat this bitch need to wake up asap lol this bitch said Bookie spend the night with me for a week Wait..
you got me fucked up lol this bitch sounds like shes gettin raped by other.cats lmfaoo the.fuckkkk closing the window, whore cats this bitch think he care about her talents this bitch...
lol this could be my last breath Ima take my time, cause Ima go out the same way I came in Right by the pussy with nothin on my mind this fat bitch was preaching like we have too many fat and lazy people!!
haVE YOU SEEN A MIRROR WTF this guy is in here singing negro spirituals n shit this guy is the biggest faggot omfg this hair screams bitch this ho on Lifetime cray this lady is probably like what the fuck does this bitch listen to this nigga fucking a bitch at svsu while me rj and b been waiting in the car for 20 minutes now this one bitch dont feel the same no more an henny dont really kill the pain no moree this party goin be off the chainbad bitches only this shit so trash lol this the onehoes dont be wantin ya nigga, they want ya happiness, thinkin he gone do 4 them what he does for u silly hoes this ugly bitch need to get a new name tho you dont look like me you dont have as much followers as me zodiac killer bitch this why i need bitches those random kids who sit at the plaza all day with their shitty cars thot hoe thugga let ur bitch suckem up in rentals!!!
thus bitch looks just like Lindsay Lohan she gets down just like Lindsay Lohan time to start an Army of hoes to me niggas cheat on they bad bitches bc they think they can get more bad bitches, that one girl will give em a big ass ego today my friend taught me so hood slang she said fuck nigga, nigga bitch, fuck boy, nigga bruh tom ford probably fucking all these hoes too bad ur a pussy too many bitches, not enough adults.
too many grown man out here worryin about the friendzone....yall got priorities fucked my nig top notch hoes get the most not the lesser trash Easily the Real Gs move n silence like lasagna line WIT A WAYNE LINE THAT WENT OVER NIGGAS HEADS trash both ways lol Bitch Killed Herself....Look Like Bill Maher With Makeup on tricking off ya paper aint wat u do...
triple nipple ass hoes!!
tryna get grey to call off work but hes being a bitch lol turns out his exboss called him a pussy.
type a bitch make u take her on 10 dates, then she give u da pussya and the shit weak.
damn.
u a hoe u a stupid hoe u can tell yo bitch we some yung rich homies u know I came to stunt so drop that pussy bitch u know u watch too much gay porn when u refer to boy butts as man ass or boy pussy bc me in my head 247 u lucky he holdin me back bitch u sent nudes when ina relationship or nah?
Her pussy bleeding or nah?
u should be here wit me bitch u stupid bitch u that nigga I have no idea how random jiggas be knowing my name at work smh.
u want a cookie tomorrow bitch ubitchu ugh the bitch name was Leather ugly hoe ur trash!
waaaaay too many niggas comfortable wit dressing up like ugly bitches for IG likes an reposts....
wack bitches make me curve them walking down the st and this girl with a guy past me and the girl says Im bout to turn dyke for her ctfuu classic wallah I fucking hate this fuckin mexican bitch so much.
bitch talk nasty.
want to catch my attention niggah throw up a dolla sign was just informed that crunk aint dead ho!
lol okay sure watch out for these foul hoes and flagrant niggas!
we all went through so much shit together .
I miss them bitches we dont pay hoes...
we dont save hoes we in here turn up turn up wheres the bitches we live in a world where drake can steal your hoes and make fun of you, shit crazy we need to pile some hoes in the back of Ross car weont get head from hoes wit overbites..
weeknd makes songs for the hoes well aint that a bitch well i want to be Victorias Secret dyke angel what a broke niggah gone tell her.
what a hoe what a little bitch lol what a retard lol what he was clearly stating to the masses is....pussy is to be shared...so girl send out dat pussy to my shark what to do when your ear hurts like a bitch?
whats wrong with bitches fuck nigga when Em said Im on my straight grizzly, so why would I buy you a gay ass teddy bear bitch youre already bipolar.
when a bitch say you cant dance when ah rich nigga want ur bitch its nothing u can do...
when bitches be tryna wash their shit on the low lol funny af when bitches change and start acting like the nigga they with when bitches u hate wont stop staring at u in the halls when im there with a ghetto ass accent being shy as hell like when nino said cancel that bitch ill buy a new one when the dude shoots his jiz in the bitches eye in silence of the lambs when ya name gain weight ya ex bitches cant let go when ya name gain weight ya ex hoes cant let go when yo song come on and you hit the blunt hard af cause that hoe go dat hard when you first walked in the door at that party you saw a big booty hoe Name ?
have you ever seen a depressed retard?
where da ratchet hoes at?
where my scene hoes at?
where r the fun twins at Im trying to lick cheeto dust and coleslaw off your nips whheeet bitch you LYING which one of these names is more offensive kike, wop, kraut, wetback jigaboo, towelhead, gook, or redskin.
which twitter bitch isnt selling chokers whos pussy better then a crazy bitch?
why are people acting like they didnt know hoe allen was going to the cavs 6 months ago?
why are these freshman so ghetto lmao why bitches gotta be bitches why cant girls just admit that they want the dick as much as us guys want the pussy?
hes a certified bitch why do hoes think its a good idea to air out their dirty laundry at a public place?
bitch im tryna enjoy my burrito why do little scrawny white boys play ghetto rap music while they walk around.
why even get pregnant by someone that isnt an never will be fit to be a dad, smh stupid stupid hoes why is this thirsty white basic ass bitch still talking to me gtfo why lie tho we gon find you bitches why niggas put heart eyes under everybody pictures?
then it be them poo la la hoes.
it aint their fault if a 13yr old is traumatized from an R rates film bunch of pussies why tf is this bitch in my class wearing all brewers shit its football season,,,, why the fuck did twitter move the new tweet box to above the feed lol it looks fucking retarded why you act like a little booshie bitch now, thats why you dont have friends hoe why you think ol niggas wit no money dont even care about swag, rockin sandals wit velcor straps, they aint checkin for bitches whys this bitch wearing a striped tshirt and nike shocks will u love dat nigga even if he lose it all...
or will u dip like the groupie hoes searching for another will u sell dat pussy for me?
wishing I could high five whoever named a species of birds great tits women hate hoes becuz they fuckin up the economy wonder if they gon have em for the low on nigger friday....
worst thing a bitch can do Bitches main reason for being in another nigga face is to get they nigga jealous .
wouldnt be such a bitch if people didnt piss me off 247 wow im a bitch?????
nice to fucking know.
wow im gonna smoke myself retarded when i get home wow!
Some bitches just deserve to get punched.
In the vagina.
a bird just shitted on me wut spook me even more is its gon be dark when nigga drive outta hea.....
im sick already xx Fat bitches with normal sized legs be looking like car keys.
y give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9 yall Im so mad I wasted them calories on that honey bun..
that ho was dry as hell yall hoes avoid schemes yall moms was hoes with no morals so i aint surprised yall remember that tall ass dyke named Jay???
Lmfaooo ya bitch aint bad nigga, you aint got no taste ya girl pussy is trash as fuck.
yall niggers have a good thanksgiving yal some faggots yup nigga you n you fuckin fruit cups.
yall crazy hoes need jesus lol yall pussies i swur yeah Im a bitch, but guess what?
youre still a slut.
yeah these valley faggots can go fuck themselves yes good shapely eurotrash manbooty yet this nigga still checkin up on his old hoes.....
yo bitch bitch gone let me fuck tonight thursty Thursday at the WesGod cave yo bitch look like a boogawolf yo bitch want that vitamin D she lookin desperate yo bitch whippin in the early morning yo hoe will get slayed .
yo hoe will get slayed!
you a hoe nigga forreal you a pussy ass nigga and I know it nigga.
you aint a real nigga without goal a to chase and a yellow bone bitch w some toes to paint you aint gotta be a dyke to like hoes you are a hoe, hoe, a hoe.
you bitches love yall some corny nigga you can masturbate anytime bitch lol I just want some damn alone time.
Fucccckkkkkk!
Lol you can never get a group of hoes together witout em resorting to being hoes....
you can tell when dick recently been in a pussy, taste nasty af ewww bitches better never play that shit you cant cuff a hoe lmao you drove me redneck crazy you fake niggah lolol you got niggas, and i got bitches.
you gotta be a new breed of retarded if you do that.
you gotta understand that these bitches are childish you hoe spice you just want some attention hoe you know what your doing when you favorite a tweet, tryna cheat ass bitch haha you lil dumb ass bitch, i aint fuckin wit chu!..
i got a million, trillion things id rather fuckin do..
than to be fuckin witchu.
you look like AC Green...bitch dont call here anymore...
you look like your 12 stop talking about fucking bitches you might as well gone pussy pop on a stage you niggers cheat on ya gfs?
you really care bout dis bitch.
my dick all in yo feelings you worried bout other bitches, you need me for?
youre all niggers youre such a retard i hope you get type 2 diabetes and die from a sugar rush you fucking faggot yous a muthafin lie right!
dat nigguh like I aint fuckin dis up again youu got wild bitches tellin you lies.